# Annalect

Position: Analyst, Data Science
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: No
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 19, 2024
CV title: Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    # **About Annalect**
    
    Annalect is the Data & Technology arm of Omnicom Media Group
    
    Annalect’s 2,000+ innovators leverage data and technology to help clients across Omnicom build relationships that matter — whether that means fostering consumers’ trust in brands, building new experiences, or delivering advanced analytics where it’s most needed. Annalect is the driving force behind Omni, Omnicom’s unique open operating system, which works hand-in-hand with clients’ and partners’ data and tools, to orchestrate better marketing outcomes.
    
    Annalect’s unique approach to data and technology – one that relies on transparency, neutrality, and interoperability – allows us to deliver purpose-built and scalable solutions that make data actionable. Our advanced teams of product leaders, data scientists, consultants, and engineers enable us to meet the business goals of our internal and external clients.
    
    Team Overview
    
    We are a team of engaged, data-curious professionals who continuously seek new and improved ways to learn from our extensive data assets. We share ideas, code, outcomes, and credit for our collective efforts. We're looking for explorative, curious, independent analysts to grow with us as we tackle ever-changing challenges.
    
    Position Overview
    
    As a member of the Annalect data science team, you will work with data scientists, media teams, managers and external partners to extract information from large datasets, utilizing a variety of tools, while learning industry data, ad-tech, and media basics. Your work will deliver analytic outcomes that will help shape the strategic direction of client marketing plans through data-driven insights.  You will develop practical, data-informed targeting solutions to optimize the effectiveness and efficiency of your client’s ad spend. You will have direct input to Annalect data science utilities and methodologies.
    
    Responsibilities
    
    - Exploring client’s 1 party data and other public and syndicated datasets in multiple environments
        
        st
        
    - Discovering actionable insights that will guide client business decisions
    - Collaboratively ideating and providing input into business processes leveraged to support & optimize client campaigns
    - Evaluating new data and tools; quickly learning to navigate new platforms; extract, transform, and load data from various partner cloud storage solutions
    - Documenting and sharing knowledge with a wide variety of Annalect and Omnicom teams
    
    Education & Experience
    
    - 1 – 2 years of experience or equivalent in bootcamps, internships or advanced education
    - Bachelor’s degree in statistics, mathematics, economics, engineering, information management, social sciences, or business/marketing related fields
    - Must have introductory experience with Python and SQL
    - Experience with cloud computing such as Amazon Web Services or Azure is a plus
    - Hands-on experience with cloud computing environments (AWS, Azure) and Databricks for analytics/data science is a plus
    
    Perks of working at Annalect
    
    - Culture! We have an incredibly fun, collaborative environment that encourages engagement and work/life balance
    - Generous PTO that includes vacation days, personal days, a fantastic Summer Friday program and extended time off around the holiday season.
    - As part of Omnicom, we have the backing and resources of a global billion-dollar company, but also have the flexibility and pace of a “startup” - we move fast, break things, and innovate.