# Coinbase

Position: Data Scientist
Job: Data Scientist
GPT Consult: Yes
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 15, 2024

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    Ready to be pushed beyond what you think you’re capable of?
    
    At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom in the world. It’s a massive, ambitious opportunity that demands the best of us, every day, as we build the emerging onchain platform — and with it, the future global financial system.
    
    To achieve our mission, we’re seeking a very specific candidate. We want someone who is passionate about our mission and who believes in the power of crypto and blockchain technology to update the financial system. We want someone who is eager to leave their mark on the world, who relishes the pressure and privilege of working with high caliber colleagues, and who actively seeks feedback to keep leveling up. We want someone who will run towards, not away from, solving the company’s hardest problems.
    
    Our
    
    [work culture](https://www.coinbase.com/mission)
    
    is intense and isn’t for everyone. But if you want to build the future alongside others who excel in their disciplines and expect the same from you, there’s no better place to be.
    
    Data Science is an integral component of Coinbase’s product and decision making process: we work in partnership with Product, Engineering and Design to influence the roadmap and better understand our users. With a deep expertise in experimentation, analytics and advanced modeling, we produce insights which directly move the company’s bottom line.
    
    **What You'll Be Doing**
    
    - Perform analyses on products to answer open-ended questions and provide strategic recommendations.
    - Design and guide experiments/analysis to measure impact and drive product improvements.
    - Develop and maintain key metrics and reports, enhancing data infrastructure for better analysis.
    
    **What We Look For In You**
    
    - At least a BA/BS in a quantitative field (ex Math, Stats, Physics, or Computer Science) with ≥2+ years of relevant experience.
    - Experience driving impact for a digital product with an iterative development cycle.
    - Understanding of statistical concepts and practical experience applying them (in A|B testing, causal inference, ML, etc.).
    - Experience in data analyses using SQL.
    - Experience in programming/modeling in Python.
    - Demonstration of our core cultural values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution.
    
    ID: G2462
    
    **Pay Transparency Notice:**
    
    Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus + target equity + benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).
    
    **Pay Range**
    
    $140,250—$165,000 USD