# CVS

Position: Data Scientist - Clinical AI
Job: Data Scientist
Link: https://cvshealth.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/CVS_Health_Careers/userHome
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 22, 2024
CV title: Data Science Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job description
    
    # **Description**
    
    Bring your heart to CVS Health. Every one of us at CVS Health shares a single, clear purpose: Bringing our heart to every moment of your health. This purpose guides our commitment to deliver enhanced human-centric health care for a rapidly changing world. Anchored in our brand — with heart at its center — our purpose sends a personal message that how we deliver our services is just as important as what we deliver.
    
    Our Heart At Work Behaviors™ support this purpose. We want everyone who works at CVS Health to feel empowered by the role they play in transforming our culture and accelerating our ability to innovate and deliver solutions to make health care more personal, convenient and affordable.
    
    **Position Summary**
    
    The Clinical Data Science team is tasked with activating CVS Health’s clinical data repository to improve outcomes across multiple lines of business and use cases. As a Data Scientist, you will…
    
    - become a subject matter expertise in clinical data and how to apply it to solve health care problems.
    - develop, validate, implement, and support predictive models and algorithms that investigate problem spaces, identify patterns, support decision-making processes, or anticipate outcomes.
    - collaborate with other data scientists, data engineers, machine learning engineers, and product owners to design and implement analytics solution.
    - utilize natural language processing (NLP) and large language models (LLMs) to extract insights and features from text.
    - contribute to and inform development of the clinical data feature store, which aims to accelerate adoption of future use cases utilizing clinical data.
    - explore, validate, interpret, and summarize large amounts of data with various types/structures using advanced statistical and mathematical approaches.
    - develop end-to-end analytics solutions, from developing problem statements to deploying models into production.
    - build dashboards and data visualizations to effectively communicate analysis results and support decision making processes.
    - create documentation of project details, like problem statements, business outcomes, data exploration, ML model details, and deployment/support instructions.
    
    **Required Qualifications**
    
    - 1+ years of relevant analytics experience.
    - Experience using SQL and Python in a cloud (GCP, Azure, AWS) to solve analytical problems.
    - Experience solving analytics problems using advanced statistics, machine learning, and mathematical algorithms.
    
    **Preferred Qualifications**
    
    - Experience solving analytics problems in the healthcare domain using clinical data.
    - Experience using natural language processing (NLP), including large language models (LLMs), to extract insights from text data.
    - Experience using Google Cloud Platform (GCP) tools, including BigQuery, Vertex AI, DataProc, and Cloud Composer to implement scalable analytics solutions.
    - Demonstrates strong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to present complex ideas to various audiences.
    - Ability to anticipate and prevent roadblocks throughout a project lifecycle and drive resolution/mitigation.
    
    **Education**
    
    - Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline.
    - Master’s degree preferred.
    
    **Pay Range**
    
    The typical pay range for this role is:
    
    $79,310.00 - $158,620.00