# Disney

Position: Data Analyst
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: November 4, 2024
CV title: Data Science Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    **Job ID**
    
    10101475
    
    **Location**
    
    New York, New York, United States / Santa Monica, California, United States
    
    **Business**
    
    Disney Direct to Consumer
    
    **Date posted**
    
    Oct. 23, 2024
    
    ### **Job Summary:**
    
    ## **About The Role**
    
    The Disney Streaming Analytics’ Content & Engagement Core Data team is seeking a Data Analyst who will help build and scale our data that will empower us to measure and understand engagement behavior cross-service between Disney, Hulu, ESPN, and more! We partner with other teams across the business to turn data into information, information into insights and insights into key business decisions that steer the strategic direction of the company. The right person for this role thrives in a fast-paced environment, loves problem-solving, and is a good communicator and a self-starter; If you are someone who gains personal happiness from transforming data into knowledge and driving business action, then this is a phenomenal role for you.
    
    We are seeking a technical Data Analyst who will focus on understanding and communicating engagement behavior to our many stakeholders. Collaborating with finance, product, data engineering, data science, and business teams, this position will serve as a subject matter expert in understanding user engagement across a variety of streaming services, product offerings, and platforms, while supporting multiple product launches and initiatives. This expertise will manifest in the design and implementation of core engagement data models that enable internal clients to explore, analyze, and monitor data.
    
    ## **Responsibilities**
    
    - **ETL & Metric Design:** Own metric design and creation by defining business requirements, framework & optimization, and long term data scalability.
    - **Creation of a Single Source of Truth:** Bring together analysts and stakeholders from across the team to define and standardize metrics.
    - **Partnership and communication:** Partner closely with business stakeholders to identify and understand what they need to drive decisions, and with other data teams to improve platform capabilities around data modeling, testing platforms, data visualization, and data architecture.
    - **Reporting and Performance:** support reporting for exceptionally large-scale data. Serve as an expert for analysts on the team and a partner with Data Engineering in designing and building performant ETLs, intermediary tables, and beautiful and quick Tableau and Looker dashboards.
    
    ## **Minimum Qualifications**
    
    - A Bachelor’s degree or above in Computer Science, MIS, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Data Engineering, or related degree.
    - 3+ years of analytical experience, ideally specifically in analytics and/or engineering.
    - Mastery of SQL, some experience with SparkSQL, Hive, etc. a plus
    - Experience developing and maintaining optimized tables for reporting through ETLs.
    - Project and resource management experience, outlining objectives, and timelines, and coordinating work across multiple contributors.
    - Some experience with Python/R or other statistical programming languages.
    - Intense drive and passion for delivering exceptional products.
    - Strong communication skills, as well as written and verbal presentation skills and experience presenting to diverse audiences.
    - Expertise developing data exploration and data visualization tools like Tableau, Looker, Chartio, etc.
    
    ## **Nice to haves**
    
    - A sense of humor
    - Unique passions or areas of interest that influence the way you interact with others and/or do your job
    
    ## **Additional Information**
    
    #DISNEYTECH
    
    The hiring range for this position in New York, NY is $98,000 to $131,300 per year and in Santa Monica, CA is $93,400 to $125,200 per year. The base pay actually offered will take into account internal equity and also may vary depending on the candidate’s geographic region, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience among other factors. A bonus and/or long-term incentive units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to the full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the level and position offered.