# Duetti

Position: Data Analyst
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: No
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 30, 2024
CV title: Data Science Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    # Company Description
    
    Duetti, founded in 2022, is on a mission to revolutionize the financial landscape for independent music artists. Our innovative model provides immediate cash flow options, enabling artists to monetize their master catalogs, individual tracks, or parts thereof—a unique opportunity that was once exclusive to a select group of A-list artists.
    
    We employ a highly scalable data-centered approach to catalog pricing and management, utilizing cutting-edge prediction and risk assessment methodologies alongside innovative optimization tactics.
    
    Founded by Lior Tibon, former COO of TIDAL, and Christopher Nolte, former Business Development executive at Apple Music, Duetti publicly launched in May 2023 and now has over $120 million in funding from Nyca, Northleaf, Viola Ventures, Viola Credit, Roc Nation, and other top VCs. Duetti has already funded hundreds of independent artists, with deals reaching up to $2M per artist.
    
    With offices in New York City, Los Angeles, and Miami, Duetti offers a competitive benefits package, including healthcare coverage, flexible paid time off, and a hybrid work model.
    
    Join us on this transformative journey as we reshape the financial landscape for artists. Duetti provides an inspiring and familial yet ambitious work environment, where your expertise and creativity will contribute to reshaping the future of artist monetization and make an immediate tangible impact on artists’ lives.
    
    # Job Description
    
    We are seeking a skilled and motivated Data Analyst to join our Optimization Team. In this role, you will be pivotal in driving data-informed decisions, supporting the marketing team in launching new channels and campaigns, and optimizing strategies through data insights and testing frameworks. As a key contributor, you will outline test structures, report to relevant stakeholders, and collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure the success of marketing programs across various platforms.
    
    ### **You Will:**
    
    - Be a critical member of the Optimization Team, providing the team with data driven feedback on the performance of their optimization programs and the results of various tests
    - Provide data-driven insights and recommendations to stakeholders, enabling them to make informed business decisions
    - Assist marketing team in launching new channels, campaigns and tactics ensuring you are seen as a “go to” source to evaluate decisions on marketing strategy
    - Outline growth and optimization test structure, create a testing roadmap, and measure effectiveness of tests across a variety of platforms
    - Plan and execute A/B tests to understand the effectiveness of marketing activities, campaigns and programs
    - Collaborate with data engineers, product managers, marketers and broader analyst/data science teams to utilize best practices and capture important business context
    
    ### **Requirements:**
    
    - 3+ years of proven experience as a Data Analyst or similar role, preferably in a startup environment
    - Ability to build testing frameworks, analyze raw data, and derive key insights in a dynamic work environment
    - Experience in measuring marketing campaigns across multiple channels, particularly on social media
    - Proficient in scripting languages, particularly Python, with a strong foundation in SQL
    - Experienced in business intelligence (BI) tools, including platforms such as Tableau and Looker
    - Skilled in creating data visualizations and generating reports to support data-driven decision-making
    - Proactive and self-motivated with the ability to work independently and in a team environment
    - A love for music and culture, and a desire to be at the forefront of new business models for artists is a plus
    
    $120,000 - $140,000 a year