# eBay

Position: Applied Researcher Intern
Job: Applied Scientist
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: November 8, 2024

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    At eBay, we're more than a global ecommerce leader — we’re 
    changing the way the world shops and sells. Our platform empowers 
    millions of buyers and sellers in more than 190 markets around the 
    world. We’re committed to pushing boundaries and leaving our mark as we 
    reinvent the future of ecommerce for enthusiasts.
    
    Our 
    customers are our compass, authenticity thrives, bold ideas are welcome,
     and everyone can bring their unique selves to work — every day. We're 
    in this together, sustaining the future of our customers, our company, 
    and our planet.
    
    Join a team of passionate thinkers, 
    innovators, and dreamers — and help us connect people and build 
    communities to create economic opportunity for all.
    
    - **Please submit only **ONE application** for eBay. Duplicate applications from the same candidate will result in all applications for that candidate being automatically declined. ***
    
    **Note: By applying to this position, your application will be considered for our locations in:**
    
    **San Jose, CA**
    
    **New York, NY**
    
    **Bellevue, WA**
    
    **Portland, OR.**
    
    **About the role:**
    
    **Applied Researcher - Intern**
    
    Looking
     to help shape the future of global commerce? Grow as an Applied 
    Researcher? Work on interesting projects with business impact?
    
    Build
     machine learning models and data pipelines to deliver insightful yet 
    practical solutions as part of building online products across our 
    various groups (Advertising, Merchandising, Marketing, Search, 
    Shipping...just to name a few!).
    
    Build scalable data processing pipelines using Big Data technologies to acquire, analyze and transform knowledge datasets.
    
    Leverage
     Research and Engineering methodologies to solve real world, production 
    level problems. Work with engineers as well as other cross functional 
    teams to produce end-to-end production-ready solutions.
    
    Conduct 
    experiments and evaluate the performance of algorithms, investigate 
    false positives/false negatives and implement continuous improvements to
     the eBay ecosystem.
    
    Identify opportunities to implement Machine learning and AI into various areas of our Global Marketplace.
    
    Note: By applying to this position, your application will be considered for our location in: San Jose, CA
    
    **What you will accomplish:**
    
    You will be directly responsible for conceiving and building machine learning solutions.
    
    Design
     and implement end to end solutions using machine learning, and own live
     deployments to improve both efficiency and user experience for buyers 
    and sellers across our Marketplace.
    
    Collaborate with other 
    researchers, engineers, and product teams to develop strategic and 
    tactical enhancements to our platforms.
    
    Conduct experiments and 
    evaluate the performance of the models, investigate false 
    positives/false negatives and implement continuous improvements to the 
    eBay ecosystem
    
    Research, assess, recommend, and develop 
    technologies in the context of eBay’s Marketplace product requirements. 
    Contribute to eBay’s patent portfolio.
    
    Communicate your 
    methodology and results to a community of researchers, developers, 
    analysts, and product managers working on a number of related 
    technologies.
    
    Work with engineers as well as other cross functional teams to produce end-to-end production-ready solutions.
    
    **What you will bring:**
    
    Currently
     enrolled as a US student, 0-3 years of relevant work experience in an 
    accredited PhD program within the United States graduating after 
    December 2025 or Summer 2026.
    
    Enrolled in or pursuing a PhD Degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics or related major.
    
    Creative thinker with an interest in building real-world products.
    
    Practical experience with Engineering/Programming/Coding. Strong mathematical, statistical, and scientific modeling skill
    
    Hands-on
     Technical experience (Academic experience is ok) with some of the 
    following technologies: SQL, Java, Scala, Python, NoSQL Databases 
    (MongoDB). Familiarity with: Hadoop, Pig, Spark, H2O is a plus.
    
    **The
     pay range for this position at commencement of employment in 
    California, Washington, or New York City is expected in the range below.**
    
    **$3,520- $5,120 Bi-weekly (Every two weeks).**
    
    **Pay offered may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including Location, Education level, Skills, and Experience.**
    
    *eBay
     Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will 
    receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, 
    religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, 
    veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status.*
    
    *eBay
     Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will 
    receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, 
    religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, 
    veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If 
    you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible 
    assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at [talent@ebay.com](mailto:talent@ebay.com). We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.*
    
    *For more information see:*  [EEO is the Law Poster](https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf) and [EEO is the Law Poster Supplement](https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf)