# Elsevier

Position: Research Analyst
Job: Other
Link: https://relx.wd3.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/ElsevierJobs/userHome
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: November 4, 2024
CV title: Data Science Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    ## About the job
    
    ## **About our Team**
    
    As a leading international provider of high-quality bibliometric and research evaluation services, the Analytical and Data Services (ADS) team helps position Elsevier as a trusted partner of the leading institutions, funders, and governments it serves.
    
    ## **About the role**
    
    As a research analyst, you will act as a consultant, working directly with clients to understand and meet their research analytics, strategy and evaluation needs.
    
    ## **Responsibilities**
    
    As a research analyst, you will lead the design, execution and validation of key studies. Your key responsibilities will include:
    
    - Communicate with clients
    - Draft project proposal
    - Provide meaningful narratives and insights based on findings
    - Produce and develop visualizations
    - Analyze data (including descriptive statistics and modeling)
    - Compute indicators
    - Prepare and condition data
    - Manage project execution and validation
    
    You may also contribute to developing new indicators and products to support the evolving needs of research performing and funding organizations.
    
    ## **Requirements**
    
    - Ability to manage client relations (e.g., active listening, building trust, presenting results, addressing comments)
    - Experience in bibliometrics, research evaluation, and/or study design. If lacking this experience, candidates should demonstrate a strong interest in exploring new activities (e.g., analysis, coding for data manipulation and indicator production) in areas such as bibliometrics, research evaluation, and STI policy
    - Proficient in data analysis, visualization, and interpretation for evidence-based decision-making
    - Experience delivering key insights in a variety of format (e.g., dynamic dashboards, databooks, presentations, written reports)
    - Experience working independently
    
    ## **Nice to have**
    
    - Experience managing multiple projects and working in an agile environment
    - Skills in data extraction, transformation, curation, enrichment, and coding (SQL, Python, Pyspark)
    
    **Work in a way that works for you**
    
    We promote a healthy work/life balance across the organisation. We offer an appealing working prospect for our people. With numerous wellbeing initiatives, shared parental leave, study assistance and sabbaticals, we will help you meet your immediate responsibilities and your long-term goals.
    
    - Working flexible hours - flexing the times when you work in the day to help you fit everything in and work when you are the most productive
    
    **Working for you**
    
    We know that your wellbeing and happiness are key to a long and successful career. These are some of the benefits we are delighted to offer:
    
    - Health Benefits: Comprehensive, multi-carrier program for medical, dental and vision benefits
    - Retirement Benefits: 401(k) with match and an Employee Share Purchase Plan
    - Wellbeing: Wellness platform with incentives, Headspace app subscription, Employee Assistance and Time-off Programs
    - Short-and-Long Term Disability, Life and Accidental Death Insurance, Critical Illness, and Hospital Indemnity
    - Family Benefits, including bonding and family care leaves, adoption and surrogacy benefits
    - Health Savings, Health Care, Dependent Care and Commuter Spending Accounts
    - Up to two days of paid leave each to participate in Employee Resource Groups and to volunteer with your charity of choice
    
    **About the Business**
    
    A global leader in information and analytics, we help researchers and healthcare professionals advance science and improve health outcomes for the benefit of society. Building on our publishing heritage, we combine quality information and vast data sets with analytics to support visionary science and research, health education and interactive learning, as well as exceptional healthcare and clinical practice. At Elsevier, your work contributes to the world’s grand challenges and a more sustainable future. We harness innovative technologies to support science and healthcare to partner for a better world.
    
    **Salary Range**
    
    To be added when data can be disclosed.