# GrubHub

Position: Data Scientist II
Job: Data Scientist
Link: https://wd3.myworkdaysite.com/en-US/recruiting/takeaway/grubhubcareers/login
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 15, 2024
CV title: Junior Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

*

- Job Description
    
    **About The Opportunity**
    
    We’re all about connecting hungry diners with our network of over 300,000 restaurants nationwide. Innovative technology, user-friendly platforms and streamlined delivery capabilities set us apart and make us an industry leader in the world of online food ordering. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process!
    
    **Why Work For Us**
    
    Grubhub is a place where authentically fun culture meets innovation and teamwork. We believe in empowering people and opening doors for new opportunities. If you’re looking for a place that values strong relationships, embraces diverse ideas–all while having fun together–Grubhub is the place for you!
    
    **About The Role**
    
    Grubhub is looking for an innately curious, business-minded, results-oriented Data Scientist to work in our Discovery and Ads teams.  We are focused on providing high quality and highly relevant merchant recommendations and ads to users who are exploring restaurants, looking to order groceries, something from the neighborhood pharmacy, as well as those who are searching for something specific across these verticals.  As a member of this highly collaborative team you will partner with other data scientists, engineering, and product to deliver new run time models and services not only in Ads, but improve recommendations and search across the Top of the Diner funnel as a whole.  You will also be responsible for creating metrics to validate performance of models, proposing new algorithmic approaches to improve our current system, designing A/B tests, and identifying creative solutions to bridge state of the art information retrieval advanced and business and engineering requirements.  Additionally you will be driving technology best practices and guiding the evolution of responsive systems.  Responsibilities also include but are not limited to creating documentation accessible to both technical and non-technical audiences, mentoring junior data scientists, creating and maintaining automated training jobs, creating metrics dashboards and alerts, advising best algorithmic trade offs to business stakeholders.
    
    Our team practices end to end project ownership and our work focuses heavily on personalized recommendation and classification from content and clickstream.  Deep neural networks, transfer learning from pretrained large scale models, classic regressions, fine tuning, and large language models all have a place in our daily lexicon.
    
    **The Impact You will Make**
    
    - Help the business gain insights from recommendations in search and discovery, with a focus on balancing short and long-term metrics for both ad placements and organic content
    - Optimize user experience by balancing compelling ad placements with relevant organic content to maximize overall engagement and drive orders and diner returns
    - Bring state of the art advances in IR systems to our runtime environment. Assess new algorithms and business policies with a focus on optimizing across competing KPIs
    - Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams to understand new product ideas, assess risks and ensure that the necessary data is available
    - Discover new and innovative ways to refine what we're doing and question existing assumptions.
    - Relentlessly analyze the interplay between ads and organic content, improving overall business performance through data-driven insights and optimization
    
    **What You Bring To The Table**
    
    - MS/PhD in quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field etc) or equivalent experience
    - 4+ years experience with data analytics, machine learning, or related field
    - 2+ years experience Pandas and Python machine learning libraries and deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow
    - 2+ years experience in information retrieval or recommendation systems
    - Experience with language models, especially on imperfect grammars
    - Experience with large language models like GPT, LLAMA, BERT, or Transformer-based architectures is a plus
    - Experience in developing and optimizing ad recommendation systems is a plus
    - Experience in data engineering and feature preparation in pyspark, hive,and the python data stack.
    - Comfort communicating performance metrics, model details, and features specifications to technical and non-technical audiences
    - Ability to keep up with the latest publications and synthesize research into working models
    - Deep interest in self-motivated continuous learning
    
    The base salary ranges for this position are below. The ranges provided exclude other forms of compensation such as equity and bonus.
    
    New York: $141,000- $211,000 base salary range.
    
    Grubhub uses geographic-specific salary structures, which means the salary offered may vary depending on where the job is located. The final salary offer will take into account various factors, such as the candidate's skills, education, training, credentials, and experience. In addition to the base salary, the role might also come with equity and other pay incentives as part of the full compensation package.
    
    **And Of Course, Perks!**
    
    - Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees enjoy a generous amount of time to recharge.
    - Health and Wellness. Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits, 401k matching, employee network groups and paid parental leave are just a few of our programs to support your overall well-being.
    - Compensation. You'll receive a great compensation package with eligibility for generous incentives, commission, or RSUs (role-specific).
    - Free Meals. Our employees get a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants.
    - Social Impact. At Grubhub we believe in giving back through programs like the Grubhub Community Fund. Employees are also given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them.
    
    Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome diversity and encourage a workplace that is just as diverse as the customers we serve. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. If you’re applying for a job in the U.S. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an email to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
    
    If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhub.com.