# Headway

Position: Associate Data Analyst
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: Yes
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: November 8, 2024
CV title: Higlights

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    ## About the job
    
    Headway’s mission is a big one – to build a new mental health care system everyone can access. We’ve built technology that helps people find great therapists with the first software-enabled national network of providers accepting insurance.
    
    1 in 4 people in the US have a treatable mental health condition, but the majority of providers don’t accept insurance, making therapy too expensive for most people. Headway is building a new mental healthcare system that everyone can access by making it easy for therapists to accept insurance and scale their practice.
    
    Headway was founded in 2019. Since then, we’ve grown into a diverse, national network of over 34,000 mental healthcare providers across all 50 states who run their practice on our software. We’re a Series D company with over $325m in funding from a16z (Andreessen Horowitz), Accel, GV (formerly Google Ventures), Spark Capital, Thrive Capital, Forerunner Ventures and Health Care Service Corporation.
    
    We want your time here to be the most meaningful experience of your career. **Join us, and help change mental healthcare for the better.About The Role**We are seeking a Data Analyst to join our expanding Payer team, where you will be responsible for developing and scaling analytics to address a variety of organizational needs. This position centers on transforming data into insightful dashboards that track key business metrics, facilitating improved decision-making and strengthening our external partnerships. As our data expert, you will collaborate with the Payer team to understand business requirements, identify relevant metrics, and visualize and interpret data to drive revenue-enhancing SLA performance. If you are a proactive self-starter who thrives in uncertain environments and enjoys tackling complex challenges, and are passionate about fostering a data-driven culture during Headway's rapid growth, we encourage you to apply.**You Will**
    
    - Become a trusted strategic partner to our payer team and work with them to define analytics requirements, identify important questions, and help answer them with data
    - Facilitate the setup of data transfers (e.g., SFTP) to ensure compliance with contract SLA measurement requirements
    - Work closely with Payer team stakeholders to strengthen our reporting infrastructure and develop new metrics that effectively communicate our value to the market
    - Tell compelling stories through data, articulating technical information to a non-technical audience
    
    **What Will Make You Successful**
    
    - 1-3 years of full-time experience using data to surfacing key insights and recommendations from data, solving real world problems, and supporting decision making within growth, product, revenue, or operations teams
    - You are adept at building relationships with the people you work with
    - Proficient in SQL, developing and documenting data models, and experience managing a modern BI tool like Metabase or Looker
    - Willingness to “do the dishes” - no task is below you, and you’re willing to do what’s needed and leverage different skill-sets to make partner teams and the overall business successful.
    - Inherent curiosity and analytical follow-through - you can’t help but ask “why?” and love using data and logic to explore potential solutions
    - A self-starter mentality with the ability to prioritize, meet deadlines, and identify opportunities with limited oversight
    - You are motivated by our mission. We are working to solve the biggest problems in mental health care today (access and affordability.
    - Bonus:
        - Experience with Palantir Foundry, Snowflake, and/or dbt
        - Fluency with Python or another language for statistical analysis
        - Prior experience working with Operations or as an Operations Analyst
    
    **Our interview process**
    
    After you apply to Headway, here are some details of what to expect during the interview process.
    
    - Initial screen: You’ll connect with someone in recruiting so you can learn more about the team, Headway’s mission and exciting growth, and we can get a better idea of your background.
    - First round: You'll meet with a member of the team for a technical interview and to learn more about the data team.
    - Final round: You’ll meet several more team members for technical and non-technical interviews and leave with a fuller picture of what it’s like to work at Headway.
    - References and the Offer: Our favorite part of the process! We'll send over all of the details, including specifics on employee equity, and congratulatory messages from excited future team members!
    
    **Compensation And Benefits**
    
    - Salary information is based on a single salary target per role:
        - The starting salary for this role is $125,000 based on industry tenure and experience.
    - Benefits offered include:
        - Equity Compensation
        - Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage
        - HSA / FSA
        - 401K
        - Work-from-Home Stipend
        - Therapy Reimbursement
        - 16-week parental leave for eligible employees
        - Carrot Fertility annual reimbursement and membership
        - 13 paid holidays each year as well as a Holiday Break during the week between December 25th and December 31st
        - Flexible PTO
        - Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
        - Training and professional development
    
    We believe a team's strength is in its people, and we cannot achieve this mission without a team that reflects the diversity of this problem – across race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, age, national origin, religion, family status, disability, military status, and experience.
    
    Headway is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Headway will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact talent@findheadway.com
    
    Headway employees work remotely across the US, with the option to work from offices in New York City and San Francisco. Headway participates in E-Verify. To learn more, click
    
    [here.](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf)