# Hims & Hers

Position: Data Opportunities 
Job: Data Scientist
Link: https://www.lever.co/
GPT Consult: Yes
Stage: To apply
Application Date: October 17, 2024

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Opportunity Description
    
    Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (better known as Hims & Hers) is the leading health and wellness platform, on a mission to help the world feel great through the power of better health. We are revolutionizing telehealth for providers and their patients alike. Making personalized solutions accessible is of paramount importance to Hims & Hers and we are focused on continued innovation in this space. Hims & Hers offers nonprescription products and access to highly personalized prescription solutions for a variety of conditions related to mental health, sexual health, hair care, skincare, heart health, and more.
    
    Hims & Hers is a public company, traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “HIMS”. To learn more about the brand and offerings, you can visit [hims.com](http://forhims.com/)and [forhers.com](http://forhers.com/), or visit our [investor site](https://investors.hims.com/overview/default.aspx). For information on the company’s outstanding benefits, culture, and its talent-first flexible/remote work approach, see below and visit [www.hims.com/careers-professionals](http://www.hims.com/careers-professionals).
    
    - 
    
    **Let’s reshape healthcare together. Analytics and Data Science (ADS) at Hims & Hers partners with every group in the company to support data-driven decision making. If you can think of it, we likely support it. Artificial intelligence, experimentation, self-serve tools, dashboards, analysis, bot-building, prescriptive analytics, forecasting and pricing. ADS plays a pivotal role in all functions of the Hims & Hers business.**
    
    Your career and work here has the opportunity to help drive our biggest decisions as a company. Your future ADS colleagues have helped roll out new products, used analysis to drive multi-million dollar decisions, upleveled our user experience and looked into the future to help our leaders better plan and anticipate customer changes.
    
    **Our teams:**
    
    **Analytics**: The “go-to” team for business leaders for experiments, analysis and insights. Work hand-in-hand with our marketers and product leaders to shape the future of the Hims & Hers experience.
    
    **Data Science and Machine Learning Engineering**: These groups drive our Artificial Intelligence capabilities, leading advanced statistics, prescriptive machine learning, forecasting and more. Come touch the future here.
    
    **Data Solutions**: If building org-wide tools, best-in-class dashboards, alerting bots and supporting an analytics tech stack that supports millions of customers then Data Solutions is the place for you.
    
    **If you’re interested in joining the Analytics and Data Science team, but don't see an explicit opportunity that interests you, please send us your resume by applying below.**
    
    **We post new roles often, so continue to check back and feel free to apply to those too. We'll keep your information on file and reach out if we find a match!**