# Horizon

Position: Data Scientist (Temp)
Job: Data Scientist
Link: https://horizonmedia.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/CareerOpportunities/job/Data-Scientist--Temp-_R0015016
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: November 4, 2024
CV title: Data Science Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

- Job Description
    
    **Job Description**
    
    **Who *We* Are:**
    
    Night Market’s, the commerce affiliate of Horizon Media, is a technology driven organization that helps advertisers gain a better understanding of the changing eCommerce landscape and ignite innovation around ways to plan, manage, and optimize eCommerce media, providing data-driven insights that inform brands’ entire eCommerce strategy to drive desired business outcomes.
    
    Our end-to-end optimization platform, **NEON**, uses an ensemble of advanced models to provide macro (budget rebalancing across channel-tactic level) and micro (in-tactic detailed maximization using proprietary methods) optimizations to holistically improve performance.
    
    This contract opportunity is for a talented data scientist to work on NEON projects
    
    **Job Summary:**
    
    Prior experience working at a marketing agency and/or a consulting firm on a marketing data science, advanced analytics development, and/or user behavior or engagement team is required. Role will require editing and creation of smart models within the NEON platform. In this role, the candidate will work with other NEON team members across engineering, product, and data engineering. Role will require hands-on programming skills.
    
    The modules of NEON that this position will work on can include (but are not limited to) working on display and retargeting campaigns to enable media mix rebalancing for conversion and growth outcomes, creating small and multiple models for micro-optimization, audience breakouts and associated performance models to maximize revenue and conversion goals broken by audiences, and similar projects. Knowledge of statistical analysis and tools like Python or SQL, familiarity with marketing platforms data and terminology is required.
    
    This level of the position and the rate for this position will be commensurate with experience. The role may also be eligible for full-time position as new opportunites open up at Night Market.
    
    **What You’ll Do / Responsibilities**
    
    - Create and elevate current analytics methodology, build a replicable statistical framework, within the constructs of the NEON platform
    - Model outputs and inputs, working with the Data Engineering team to assure data processes are automated and efficient
    - Work alongside product leads, business leads, data scientists, data engineers, front-end developers, and designers
    - Incorporate multiple 3rd party APIs & other datasets from different sources, into one (or more) custom-developed measurement and display systems.
    - Demonstrated ability to extract business insights from large datasets and use them to drive business change
    - Mine, aggregate and analyze data from databases to drive optimization and improvement
    - Familiarity of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
    - Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
    
    **Who *You* Are:**
    
    - US-based
    - At least 5 years experience in full time client analytics role
    - Deep expertise in Python (and libraries), R, SQL
    - Ability to operate in Snowflake, AWS infrastructure of S3/EC2, etc
    - Proven experience to interact in a collaborative fashion with Product Management from analytic conceptualization, through hands on exploratory data analysis (EDA), piloting and production rollout within performant backend APIs
    - Independently motivated to conceptualize and execute proactive client analysis
    - Willingness to learn and develop skill sets in machine learning, product development
    - Communication skills and an ability to collaborate with clients
    - Hold an undergraduate degree in math, statistics, computer science or other technical degree
    - Superb problem synthesis and communication skills
    - Keen attention to detail and data integrity
    
    **Salary Range:** $2,403.85 to $3,173.08 a week. A successful applicant’s actual weekly or hourly rate may vary based upon, but not limited to, skill sets, experience and training, licensure/certifications, and equity.
    
    The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the employer.
    
    #HMNM
    
    #LI-AN1
    

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

-