# IBM

Position: Data & AI Intern
Job: Other
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 30, 2024
CV title: Data Science Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    ## About the job
    
    **Introduction**At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.**Your Role and Responsibilities**The IBM Global Real Estate (GRE) team manages a diverse range of real estate disciplines, including strategy & transactions, space management, workplace design and experience, engineering and construction, lease management, real estate acquisitions and dispositions, integration/divestitures, facility operations, asset management, employee safety, environmental and energy management.The GRE Technology team is a global group of highly skilled Subject Matter Experts dedicated to delivering innovative and inclusive global workplace solutions. We leverage technology to enable data-driven decisions across IBM’s portfolio and operations, partnering with clients and trusted suppliers. Our focus is on enhancing productivity through process enhancement, simplification, and automation, while leading the adoption of software and AI across our products, processes, platforms, and partnerships. Our areas of expertise include Data strategy, Data Management, Data Governance, Data Integration and Reporting, Hardware and Software Strategy and Design, IoT, Cybersecurity, Sustainability, AI and Automation, and Technology Transformation and Architecture.In the dynamic and evolving tech landscape, resilience, commitment, and curiosity are key to success as an IBM Global Real Estate Technology Team intern. You will engage in various aspects of data management, analysis, testing, support, process automation, and AI implementation to address diverse use cases.In this role, you will receive guidance from mentors and coaches who will encourage you to challenge the norm, explore ideas beyond your role, and develop innovative solutions that have a significant impact on the business, our external clients, and their customers. Our culture of flexibility and freedom supports long-term career growth and learning opportunities, highlighting your unique skills and experiences.**As a Data And AI Intern, You Will**
    
    - Learn about various data structures and develop new methods for combining and analyzing data to derive insights.
    - Implement business process automation with a focus on improving productivity.
    - Learn and apply foundation models based generative AI to expand use cases across various applications and the Enterprise Data & AI platform.
    - Utilize cutting-edge tools such as watsonx, Watson Orchestrate, Cognos, Tririga, Maximo, Envizi, and others.
    - Communicate with internal clients to understand their business needs and provide analytical solutions.
    - Collaborate in an agile environment, partnering with other technology team members.
    
    Who You Are:
    
    - Highly motivated with a passion for creating and supporting effective solutions.
    - Thrive on collaboration, working alongside people from diverse backgrounds and disciplines, and possess strong verbal and written communication skills.
    - Skilled at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing, and implementing solutions for complex technical issues.
    
    **Required Technical and Professional Expertise**
    
    - Knowledge of data migration and data warehousing.
    - Experience with database server connectivity and usability testing.
    - Proficiency in programming/scripting languages such as Java, Python, SQL, R, etc.
    - Ability to perform quantitative analysis that translate data into actionable insights and support data-driven decision-making.
    - Experience in developing and maintaining data models, algorithms, and statistical models.
    - Understanding of AGILE practices.
    - Basic understanding of foundation models and generative AI.
    
    **Preferred Technical And Professional Expertise**
    
    - 3 months experience with JavaScript, Python, R, and SQL.
    - 3 months experience with APIs and cloud technologies.
    - 3 months experience with visualization tools such as Cognos, Google Analytics, Tableau, etc.
    
    **About Business Unit**
    
    The IBM Finance organization is responsible for driving enterprise performance and transformation. We are the financial stewards of IBM, delivering IBM’s financial strategy, developing new business models, and mitigating enterprise risk. Do you have a passion for creating business value? Join our team in accounting, financial planning, pricing, business controls, tax, treasury, business development (acquisitions & divestitures), and global financing.
    
    **Your Life @ IBM**
    
    In a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.
    
    Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background.
    
    Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do.
    
    Are you ready to be an IBMer?
    
    **About IBM**
    
    IBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.
    
    Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.
    
    At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.
    
    **Location Statement**
    
    Supplemental 1 employees may be eligible for up to 8 paid holidays, minimum of 56 hours paid sick time and the IBM Employee Stock Purchase Plan. IBM offers paid family medical leave and disability benefits to eligible employees where required by applicable law. The compensation range and benefits for this position are based on a full-time schedule for a full calendar year. The salary will vary depending on your job-related skills, experience and location. Pay increment and frequency of pay will be in accordance with employment classification and applicable laws. For part time roles, your compensation and benefits will be adjusted to reflect your hours. Benefits may be pro-rated for those who start working during the calendar year. This position was posted on the date cited in the key job details section and is anticipated to remain posted for 21 days from this date or less if not needed to fill the role. IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.
    
    **Being You @ IBM**
    
    IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, caste, genetics, pregnancy, disability, neurodivergence, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.