# IBM

Position: 2025 Senior Data Scientist Intern (Corporate Development - M&A)
Job: Data Scientist
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 15, 2024

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Details
    
    Your Role and Responsibilities
    
    This position is an internal Staff Data Scientist Intern role with IBM Corporate Development (Mergers & Acquisitions). Office locations for the position are NYC, NY. Start and end dates for this internship are during summer 2025 (3 months)
    
    You will work alongside consultants, deal leaders, data scientists, and developers to enhance business performance through analytics and data science focused initiatives. You will help transform data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes, and collaborating on product development.
    
    A typical day in the life of this role will include the following:
    
    - Providing thought leadership and strategic thinking to translate business problems into analytical frameworks
    - Designing, researching and developing natural language processing (NLP) models and machine learning algorithms to get insights from structured and unstructured data
    - Operating as a subject matter expert on statistical analysis and machine learning for modeling, writing code, testing, and validating
    - Interpreting output and performance of models in business terms, and communicating findings to the team and stakeholders
    - Collaborating with cross-functional teams to understand their business needs; formulating and completing end-to-end analysis
    
    Are you passionate about harnessing the power of big data and analytics to address real-world business problems and play a key role in influencing change? If so, we want you to apply.
    
    Introduction
    
    As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.
    
    Required Technical and Professional Expertise
    
    - BS or MS in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, or related STEM field Proficiency in Python
    - Experience and/or coursework with common Python libraries used by data scientists (e.g., NumPy, Pandas, SciPy, scikit-learn, matplotlib, Seaborn, etc.)
    - Experience and/or coursework in statistics and machine learning
    - Experience and/or coursework working with structured and unstructured data
    - Experience and/or coursework in deep learning and natural language processing
    - Understanding of database technologies, data structures and SQL
    - Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business and technical challenges in an enterprise setting
    - Strong presentation and communication skills with the ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields
    - Demonstrated ability to share data science and machine learning experiment results with both technical and non-technical people
    - Innovative mindset and an ability to take calculated risks
    - Demonstrated a strong desire to learn new skills and excitement towards undertaking challenging transformations
    
    Preferred Technical and Professional Experience
    
    - Student pursing PhD in Machine Learning, Statistics, or related STEM field
    - Understanding of coding requirements for production applications (e.g., modularity, documentation, quality assurance, testing, logging, etc.)
    - Familiarity with Generative AI, LLMs, and recent developments in Airtificial Intelligence
    - Knowledge of big data technologies (e.g., spark, Hadoop, etc.)
    - Understanding of code versioning Experience in Agile development Experience deploying analytical models to solve business problems
    - Experience in a project management function
    - Ability to own analytical work from inception to completion, preparing project plans, creating and monitoring performance metrics
    - Ability to manage key stakeholder expectations and asset delivery
    
    Required Education
    
    High School Diploma/GED
    
    Preferred Education
    
    Bachelor's Degree
    
    About Business Unit
    
    The IBM Finance organization is responsible for driving enterprise performance and transformation.  We are the financial stewards of IBM, delivering IBM’s financial strategy, developing new business models, and mitigating enterprise risk. Do you have a passion for creating business value? Join our team in accounting, financial planning, pricing, business controls, tax, treasury, business development (acquisitions & divestitures), and global financing.
    
    Wonder if IBM is the one for you?
    
    In a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.
    
    Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background.
    
    Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do.
    
    Are you ready to be an IBMer?
    
    About IBM
    
    IBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.
    
    Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.
    
    At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.
    
    Other Relevant Job Details
    
    Supplemental 1 employees may be eligible for up to 8 paid holidays, minimum of 56 hours paid sick time and the IBM Employee Stock Purchase Plan. IBM offers paid family medical leave and disability benefits to eligible employees where required by applicable law. The compensation range and benefits for this position are based on a full-time schedule for a full calendar year. The salary will vary depending on your job-related skills, experience and location. Pay increment and frequency of pay will be in accordance with employment classification and applicable laws. For part time roles, your compensation and benefits will be adjusted to reflect your hours. Benefits may be pro-rated for those who start working during the calendar year. This position was posted on the date cited in the key job details section and is anticipated to remain posted for 21 days from this date or less if not needed to fill the role. IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.
    
    Being You @ IBM
    
    IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, caste, genetics, pregnancy, disability, neurodivergence, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
    
    Country/Region
    
    United States
    
    State / Province
    
    New York
    
    City / Township / Village
    
    New York
    
    Work Arrangement
    
    Hybrid
    
    IBM Business Group
    
    F&O
    
    Primary job category
    
    Data Science
    
    Secondary Job Category
    
    Other Data Science
    
    Role ( Job Role )
    
    Data Scientist
    
    Employment Type
    
    Full-time OR Part-time
    
    Contract type
    
    Internship
    
    Projected Maximum Salary
    
    $142,996
    
    Projected Minimum Salary
    
    $77,998
    
    New Collar Role
    
    Yes
    
    Early Professional Track
    
    Core Business
    
    Position Type
    
    Intern
    
    Travel Required
    
    No Travel
    
    Company
    
    (0147) International Business Machines Corporation
    
    Is this role a commissionable/sales incentive based position?
    
    No
    
    Company Label
    
    IBM