# IBM

Position: Junior Data Scientist Apprentice
Job: Data Scientist
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    **Your Role and Responsibilities**
    
    Throughout your apprenticeship, you’ll work closely with other experienced data scientists and mentors in an interactive, collaborative environment. You’ll learn the fundamentals of probability, statistics, linear algebra, data preparation, data modeling, and deployment of machine learning models. In addition, you will be introduced to additional concepts, skills and tools including Python, Hadoop, and Spark, presentation skills, communication skills, and you will apply these skills to prepare for and successfully obtain data science experience that may lead to certification as a Junior Data Scientist. IBM Certification as a Junior Data Scientist provides the credentials and career milestone that is earned through demonstrated usage of Data Science tools and methodology through case studies, business references and technical references.  Our apprenticeship program will give you the opportunity to build your skills to grow your career as a Junior Data Scientist.
    
    **What is an Apprenticeship?**
    
    IBM Apprenticeship Program is an official registered apprenticeship recognized by the Department of Labor (DOL).  Every graduate of a Registered Apprenticeship program receives a nationally-recognized credential from the DOL.
    
    During the apprenticeship duration, you will be required to complete specific learning hours and on the job training that has been outlined to ensure you are developing the skills and competencies essential to the role.  You will be able to learn and grow at your own pace, but we expect most apprentices will complete their learning within 24 months.  Once you graduate and receive your certificate from our apprentice program, you will be eligible to apply to available full-time roles at IBM.
    
    **Who you are:**
    
    An apprenticeship is about learning.  We’re seeking candidates who have the following requirements, but we know you’re just getting your career started, and we’re committed to helping you learn and grow.  If you are a highly curious individual, with a passion for learning, and a love of mathematics and data, you’re exactly the type of candidate we’re looking for.  Data scientists are inquisitive: exploring, asking questions, doing what if analysis, questioning existing assumptions and processes. They are analytically-minded, statistically and mathematically driven.
    
    To be successful, you need:
    
    - Drive and eagerness to learn
    - Strong problem solving, critical thinking, organization, and communication skills
    - Ability to work independently and take initiative, as well as work collaboratively and contribute in a team environment as data science is a team sport
    - Ability to think analytically in solving problems
    - Curiosity, passion for learning, love for math, data, and analysis
    
    **What’s the experience?**
    
    As an apprentice, you'll join with other apprentices in a local cohort. You'll go through the program together, learning about IBM and the skills you'll be attaining throughout your apprenticeship. Then, you'll work with your managers and mentors to progress through your personal skills roadmap, learning and demonstrating new knowledge and competencies through hands-on application with your project teams. You'll complete milestones along the way, earning digital credentials to validate your skills, and will come back together with other apprentices to participate in on-going training and development focused on your professional and technical skills. Best of all, you are a contributing member of your team, putting forward ideas, taking on responsibilities and making choices about how you get the job done just like any other IBMer.
    
    This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship.
    
    Apprentices must be based in the work location(s) listed or willing to relocate at own expense. Relocation assistance is not available.
    
    ncappx
    
    **Introduction**
    
    As a Junior Data Scientist at IBM, you will work as part of a team to solve business-related problems using data-driven techniques. You will apply the scientific method to business scenarios, clean and prepare data for statistical and machine learning modeling, work with a variety of analytical algorithms to build models that better explain data relationships and predict potential scenarios, translate data insights into business value, and communicate results to difference audiences. You will also master different technologies for model deployment.
    
    **Required Technical and Professional Expertise**
    
    - Willingness to complete the requirements of the apprenticeship program
    - Some knowledge or experience in ONE or more of the following:
        - Java, JavaScript, PHP, C#, Objective-C, C/C++, Python, Ruby and/or functional languages (Haskell, Scala, F#, Clojure)
    
    **Preferred Technical and Professional Experience**
    
    - Python Programming knowledge
    - Advanced math and statistics coursework
    
    **Required Education**
    
    High School Diploma/GED
    
    **Preferred Education**
    
    Associate's Degree/College Diploma
    
    **About Business Unit**
    
    IBM Corporate Headquarters (CHQ) team represents a variety of functions such as marketing, finance, legal, operations, HR, and more, all working together to solve some of the world's most complex problems, help our clients achieve success and build collaborative work environments for IBMers.
    
    **Wonder if IBM is the one for you?**
    
    In a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.
    
    Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background.
    
    Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do.
    
    Are you ready to be an IBMer?
    
    **About IBM**
    
    IBM's greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.
    
    Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.
    
    At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.
    
    **Other Relevant Job Details**
    
    IBM offers a competitive benefits program which may include medical & prescription drug coverage, dental, vision, mental health & well being, 8 paid holidays, minimum 56 hours paid sick time, 80 hours paid vacation, life insurance, 401(k), financial counseling, and the IBM Employee Stock Purchase Plan. IBM offers paid family medical leave and disability benefits to eligible employees where required by applicable law. The compensation range and benefits for this position are based on a full-time schedule for a full calendar year. The salary will vary depending on your job-related skills, experience and location. Pay increment and frequency of pay will be in accordance with employment classification and applicable laws. For part time roles, your compensation and benefits will be adjusted to reflect your hours. Benefits may be pro-rated for those who start working during the calendar year. This position was posted on the date cited in the key job details section and is anticipated to remain posted for 21 days from this date or less if not needed to fill the role. IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.
    
    **Being You @ IBM**
    
    IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, caste, genetics, pregnancy, disability, neurodivergence, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.