# Jellyfish

Position: Data Scientist, Product
Job: Data Scientist
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 19, 2024
CV title: Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    We’re looking for a product- and end-user-focused Data Scientist to bring their unique data perspective to a cross-functional product development team here at Jellyfish. You’ll use our platform’s unique set of engineering work signals with our emerging engineer sentiment dataset to help create innovative new products and features that produce rich insights, impacting how our customers understand and guide their own development teams and the software they build.
    
    Most importantly, you will be part of a highly talented team working in a fun, challenging, and collaborative environment, building a fast-growing business and company led by experienced entrepreneurs and backed by top-tier investment partners.
    
    ## **Let’s talk about responsibilities:**
    
    - Collaborate with product managers, designers, and engineers to design and build compelling, innovative new experiences that drive real change for our customers
    - Apply techniques from statistics, signal processing, natural language processing, machine learning, generative AI, and other areas to develop new algorithms and power advanced features within Jellyfish
    - Plan, implement, and deploy improvements to the core algorithms and inference engines that power the Jellyfish platform
    - Make improvements to how we validate, test, and deploy data science algorithms and models
    - Measure the impact of the experiences the team’s building
    
    ## **Let’s talk about what you need to excel:**
    
    - Product mindset, keenly focused on the value users and customers can get from the experiences you’re helping to build
    - Routinely take an iterative, incremental approach to arrive at an ultimate solution
    - Effective and efficient communication with both technical and non-technical colleagues; thrive working as part of a cross-functional team
    - Can handle ambiguity and work with stakeholders to understand the essence of their questions and requests to get to a set of requirements that are tractable
    - Reliable intuitions about data, and can generally address them without guidance
    - Proven experience in data science, solid python skills, proficient SQL knowledge
    - Can independently reduce complex problems into a solvable framework
    - Interest in prototyping, building, testing, and deploying advanced algorithms and technology
    - Can balance project goals, business needs, and technical solutions
    - Enjoy working with real-world data, and excited about testing your ideas and prototypes in partnership with real customers
    - Love learning new things and teaching others what you know
    
    ## Bonus points if you have experience with:
    
    - Adapting data science algorithms for production applications
    - Building pipelines for data science tasks such as data collection, model training, or parameter optimization
    - Our engineering technology stack (Python 3, Django, Postgres, Docker, AWS)
    
    A list of job experiences and qualification requirements is great, but humility, a performance-driven attitude, and a team-player approach are most important to us. We love to have fun and win in the process. We only hire people who have a passion for building great companies in an environment where a sense of humor is a must.
    
    Occasional travel may be required.
    
    Applicants must be authorized to work for Any employer in the US. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of an employment Visa at this time.
    
    **Let’s talk about us!**
    
    This is all about you, but you want to know a little about us. Jellyfish was started in 2017 as a team of three with one big idea: engineering is the core of modern business, so let’s create and manage it that way!  With the help of our customers, we have built the first [Engineering Management Platform](https://jellyfish.co/product/what-is-engineering-management), providing visibility into engineering organizations, their work, and how they operate. We enable leaders to align engineering decisions with business initiatives and deliver the right software efficiently and on time.
    
    We believe that it takes a diverse team to build the best company we can. Jellyfish welcomes people from all backgrounds and especially encourages applications from members of groups underrepresented in the software industry.