# Kforce

Position: Data Product Analyst
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Applied
Application Date: November 12, 2024
CV title: Higlights

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    **Responsibilities**
    
    Kforce's large transportation client is seeking an experienced Data Product Analyst to join their team on a contract to hire basis in Long Island City, NY. Summary: The Data Product Analyst role supports the Data Products team by assisting Data Product Managers with tasks related to existing and new data assets. This role is ideal for analytical thinkers looking to dive into data exploration, quality monitoring, and data-driven problem-solving. The Analyst will be instrumental in supporting data initiatives that inform strategic decisions across the organization.
    
    **Requirements**
    
    - Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Operations Research, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics or a related area; Or demonstrated capability to perform job responsibilities with a combination of a High School diploma/GED and at least four (4) years of previous relevant work experience
    - One (1) year of working experience using Structured Query Language (SQL)
    - Knowledge of IT disciplines and interdependencies
    - Excellent problem solving and structured thinking skills
    - Prior experience in airline, transportation, or hospitality industries
    - Proven experience with dbt (data build tool), Snowflake, Monte Carlo, Tableau, and Azure Data Factory
    - Prior experience on a technical product team
    - Available for overnight travel (10%)
    
    The pay range is the lowest to highest compensation we reasonably in good faith believe we would pay at posting for this role. We may ultimately pay more or less than this range. Employee pay is based on factors like relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, location, performance, union contract and business needs. This range may be modified in the future.
    
    We offer comprehensive benefits including medical/dental/vision insurance, HSA, FSA, 401(k), and life, disability & ADD insurance to eligible employees. Salaried personnel receive paid time off. Hourly employees are not eligible for paid time off unless required by law. Hourly employees on a Service Contract Act project are eligible for paid sick leave.
    
    Note: Pay is not considered compensation until it is earned, vested and determinable. The amount and availability of any compensation remains in Kforce's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified in its discretion consistent with the law.
    
    This job is not eligible for bonuses, incentives or commissions.
    
    Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
    
    By clicking “Apply Today” you agree to receive calls, AI-generated calls, text messages or emails from Kforce and its affiliates, and service providers. Note that if you choose to communicate with Kforce via text messaging the frequency may vary, and message and data rates may apply. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. You will always have the right to cease communicating via text by using key words such as STOP.