# MTA

Position: Crime Analyst
Job: Analyst (Other)
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    **SUMMARY:**
    
    The purpose of this position is to support the Manager of Operations Analysis in aggregating various data sets for the purpose of finite analysis as it relates to Police Department Operations.
    
    **RESPONSIBILITIES:**
    
    - Assist with managing the creation of new and innovative reports and dashboards to help organization executives make data-informed decisions such as in the new Records Management System (RMS).
    - Assist in the submission of National Incidents Based Reporting Systems (NIBRS) reports and data to the New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services monthly. Function as the Department’s liaison between that organization and the MTAPD.
    - Research current crime and operational trends in transportation policing for the purpose of identifying applicability in MTAPD Operations.
    - Query various data sets as they relate to labor collection and deployment, crime activity, etc. in preparation for regular and ad-hoc reporting.
    - Maintain relevant relational databases, geographical mapping records and spreadsheets.
    - Support operations problem-solving initiatives through identifying trends in applicable areas and submitting regular findings to Manager, Operations Analysis.
    - Prepare monthly drafts of Uniform Crime Reports for the purpose of reporting MTAPD enforcement activity to Department of Criminal Justice Services and Federal Transportation Administration.
    - Create relational databases as necessary for the purpose of capturing data as it relates to Operations Analysis.
    - Review daily incidents for the purpose of reclassification and ensuring data integrity.
    
    **KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:**
    
    - Proficiency in and/or ability to learn communication and interpersonal skills.
    - Proficiency in and/or ability to learn organizational and presentation skills.
    - Proficiency in and/or ability to learn to work with all internal levels within a given organization.
    - Proficiency in and/or ability to learn communicate and interact well with external agencies.
    - Proficiency in and/or ability to learn completing short- and long-term projects effectively and as efficiently as possible.
    - Proficiency in and/or ability to learn analytical and/or quantitative skills.
    - Demonstrated proficiency in or ability to learn Microsoft Office Suite or comparable applications, i.e., Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook.
    
    **EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE:**
    
    - Bachelor’s degree in Statistical Analysis, Math, Criminal Justice, or a related field or an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered in lieu of a degree; and
    - Ability to pass the Police background investigation check.
    
    **PREFERRED:**
    
    - Graduate degree in a related field.
    - Two (2) years related experience in sophisticated statistical / quantitative analysis.
    - Three to five (3-5) years’ experience in research, analysis, and trending.
    - Prior law enforcement experience.
    - Knowledge of New York State Penal Law.
    - Knowledge of Connecticut Penal Code.
    
    **OTHER INFORMATION:**
    
    *Pursuant to the New York State Public Officers Law & the MTA Code of Ethics, all employees who hold a policymaking position must file an Annual Statement of Financial Disclosure (FDS) with the NYS Commission on Ethics and Lobbying in Government (the “Commission”).*