# Notion Labs

Position: Data Scientist, Product
Job: Data Scientist
GPT Consult: Yes
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 17, 2024
CV title: Junior Data Analyst

<aside>
💡 Create a new page and select `New Role` from the list of template options to generate the format below. Get your talking points and next steps on lock.

</aside>

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    ### About Us:
    
    We're on a mission to make it possible for every person, team, and company to be able to tailor their software to solve any problem and take on any challenge. Computers may be our most powerful tools, but most of us can't build or modify the software we use on them every day. At Notion, we want to change this with focus, design, and craft.
    
    We've been working on this together since 2016, and have customers like Pixar, Mitsubishi, Figma, Plaid, Match Group, and thousands more on this journey with us. Today, we're growing fast and excited for new teammates to join us who are the best at what they do. We're passionate about building a company as diverse and creative as the millions of people Notion reaches worldwide.
    
    Notion is an in-person company, and currently requires its employees to come to the office for two Anchor Days (Mondays & Thursdays) and requests that employees spend the majority of their week in the office (including a third day).
    
    ### About The Role:
    
    Notion’s mission is to make toolmaking ubiquitous. We are rapidly growing our business to empower every individual to build their own tools, block by block. Truth-seeking is one of Notion’s values, and it lies at the heart of the product data science team’s foundation. Data scientists on this team work closely with engineering teams to transform data into evidence that can direct product decisions.
    
    As an early member of the product data science team, you'll be instrumental in setting the roadmap for how product, engineering, and data science work together, and then doing the hands on work to execute against it. There will be significant variation from one day to the next, but whether you're exploring what a successful Notion account looks like, building out a core activity data set, or running experiments to evaluate the success of a key feature launch, you'll absolutely impact the development of Notion.
    
    ### What You'll Achieve:
    
    - You will apply your expertise in statistical inference, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with Notion
    - You will dive into ambiguous areas, define problems and opportunities for the team to work on the next influential project
    - You'll design the right set of experiments or analyses to evaluate the success of new features
    - You'll partner closely with a product, engineering, and marketing pillar at every step of the development process, driving forward data science and analytics work in that area.
    - You'll work with your teams to determine both north star and operational metrics, and build and maintain the dashboards that those teams rely on for monitoring progress and making key decisions.
    - You'll influence your product roadmap by communicating your findings with the rest of the company, and driving and verifying change in our product and business. (Insights are useful. Impact is even better!)
    
    ### Skills You'll Need to Bring:
    
    - You have spent meaningful time as a data scientist partnering with product and engineering teams. You can draw on that experience to identify where data can have the most impact and clearly communicate to your partner teams what that impact is.
    - You have expertise in SQL and at least one scripting language (ideally Python or R).
    - You know how to use statistical inference and experimentation to drive actionable recommendations.
    - You have experience building predictive models, and you know how to evaluate their effectiveness.
    - You are comfortable transforming raw data to build your own data sets if the measure you need doesn't exist yet.
    - You have a bias for using the right tools to get a job done with maximum efficiency. You have experience making tradeoffs between speed and accuracy.
    
    We hire talented and passionate people from a variety of backgrounds because we want our global employee base to represent the wide diversity of our customers. If you’re excited about a role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every bullet point listed in the job description, we still encourage you to apply. If you’re a builder at heart, share our company values, and enthusiastic about making software toolmaking ubiquitous, we want to hear from you.
    
    Notion is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Notion considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Notion is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know.
    
    Notion is committed to providing highly competitive cash compensation, equity, and benefits. The compensation offered for this role will be based on multiple factors such as location, the role’s scope and complexity, and the candidate’s experience and expertise, and may vary from the range provided below. For roles based in San Francisco or New York City, the estimated base salary range for this role is $136,000 - $230,000 per year.