# NYT

Position: Data Science Intern
Job: Data Scientist
GPT Consult: No
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 19, 2024
CV title: Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    **The [mission](https://www.nytco.com/company/mission-and-values/) of The New York Times is to seek the truth and help people understand the world. That means independent journalism is at the heart of all we do as a company. It’s why we have a world-renowned newsroom that sends journalists to report on the ground from nearly 160 countries. It’s why we focus deeply on how our readers will experience our journalism, from print to audio to a world-class digital and app destination. And it’s why our business strategy centers on making journalism so good that it’s worth paying for.**
    
    The New York Times is a technology company committed to producing the world’s most reliable and highest quality journalism. Our ability to do so relies on a talented team of expert technologists who help NYT learn from a tremendous abundance of data unique to this company. The Times seeks a Data Scientist Intern for the summer of 2025 to join the Data Science Group applying machine learning methods to meet this challenge, in close collaboration with working partners across the company.
    
    We implement and execute machine learning research with reliability and reproducibility. We communicate results and impact to newsroom and business stakeholders. Our group turns models into data products, collaborating with engineering teams, and integrates these into processes throughout The Times.
    
    **About Our Summer Internships**
    
    - The duration is 10 weeks long, starting on June 2, 2025.
    - The rate of pay for this role is $40.00 per hour.
    - Interns work 35 hours per week.
    - Open to Hybrid work based in our New York office.****
    
    **Responsibilities:**
    
    - Develop and deploy machine learning solutions to newsroom and business problems.
    - Work with Python, custom machine learning packages, and Google Cloud Platform
    - Communicate the results of your analyses to other members of the organization in a clear and concise fashion.
    
    **Basic Qualifications:**
    
    - You are currently pursuing a Master's or Ph.D.
    - Experience in computer science, applied mathematics, or other quantitative or computational disciplines.
    - Experience with open source machine learning or statistical analysis tools.
    - Experience with Python
    
    **Preferred Qualifications:**
    
    - Experience with experimental design
    - Experience in manipulating, analyzing, and visualizing datasets
    - Experience with website or media analytics
    
    REQ-017382
    
    **The hourly rate of base pay for this role is:**
    
    $40—$40 USD