# PEAC

Position: Junior Data Scientist
Job: Data Scientist
GPT Consult: No
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 16, 2024
CV title: Junior Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    PEAC Solutions provides equipment financing and capital lending solutions to keep businesses thriving.  We are the world’s largest independent equipment leasing company.  As we continue to expand our global footprint and market share, we are looking for individuals who want to be a part of this successful journey.
    
    At PEAC, we work together to make a lasting impact on our customers, our partners and each other. With a group this passionate, our successes come with plenty of reward and celebration. And in our collaborative team environment, everyone has an impactful voice. If you are interested in becoming part of our team and possess the skills and competencies for this role, please apply at https://careers.peacsolutions.com.
    
    The Jr. Data Scientist (JDS) is responsible for performing data analysis to uncover trends, actionable insights and present findings with recommendations to key stakeholders in a clear and concise manner.  The JDS will maintain a strong understanding of analytical frameworks, statistical modeling methods and use of predictive modeling to make business decisions.
    
    **Essential Functions:**
    
    - Assist in the maintenance, development, validation (including end-to-end testing) as well as implementation of fraud and credit policy changes within the company’s decision engine platform for its Working Capital, Equipment Finance, and Inventory Finance products.
    - Identify areas to enhance auto decisions and scoring strategies to maximize process efficiencies and optimize risk-reward
    - Monitor and provide reporting on portfolio performance and credit scorecard approval rates, automation metrics, and multiple model governance metrics (e.g. KS statistics, stability indices, ROC curves)
    - Collaborate across all business verticals to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of automated decision making
    - Perform data analysis to continually improve fraud strategies and processes
    - Develop and analyze the effectiveness of fraud scoring models and be responsible for staying abreast of new fraud tools that can be incorporated into Marlin’s fraud prevention strategies
    - Incorporate business acumen into analytical work by ensuring that data-driven solutions align with the organization’s strategic objectives
    - Lead analytics projects end-to-end: identifying and structuring the problem, analyzing root causes, developing solutions, maintaining project plans, and communicating results to determine if objectives were met
    
    **Qualifications:**
    
    - Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, or equivalent experience
    - 1 - 3 years of experience within the Financial Services / Fintech industry
    - Experience in SQL, R, Python, Lua, and / or SAS software
    - Working knowledge of statistical theory / techniques for assessing model stability and performance
    
    PEAC Solutions is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, disability, religion, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, sexual orientation, age, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
    
    The successful candidate will receive competitive compensation along with our benefit package which includes medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short and long-term disability, 401(k) with match, flexible spending, and paid time off. PEAC also provides one paid day off per year to support community involvement. Celebrate you by also having off your birthday on us!