# Ralph Lauren

Position: Analytics Analyst
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: No
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 30, 2024
CV title: Data Science Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    ## About the job
    
    Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE:RL) is a global leader in the design, marketing and distribution of premium lifestyle products in five categories: apparel, accessories, home, fragrances, and hospitality. For more than 50 years, Ralph Lauren's reputation and distinctive image have been consistently developed across an expanding number of products, brands and international markets. The Company's brand names, which include Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Polo Ralph Lauren, Double RL, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, Chaps, among others, constitute one of the world's most widely recognized families of consumer brands.
    
    At Ralph Lauren, we unite and inspire the communities within our company as well as those in which we serve by amplifying voices and perspectives to create a culture of belonging, ensuring inclusion, and fairness for all. We foster a culture of inclusion through: Talent, Education & Communication, Employee Groups and Celebration.
    
    Based in the New York metro area, the Analytics Analyst will work closely with the DTC business teams and IT partners to support existing analytic capabilities, troubleshoot data and analytics issues, assist with delivery of enhancements and new capabilities, and drive adoption of analytic tools. This role supports the Data Analytics Manager in delivering analytics value to DTC stakeholders and ensuring consistency and fidelity of analytics tools.
    
    This role requires creative and collaborative working with the DTC business teams, helping them to use analytics to unlock insights and achieve their business goals. It also involves evangelizing effective and consistent reporting practices and promoting better understanding of data and analytics among the DTC business teams.
    
    - Develop strong partnerships with key business partners: Function as a liaison between key analytics users in DTC business teams and the Analytics team to assist in documenting business use cases, identifying reporting gaps and enhancement opportunities. Generate recommendations and solutions by being curious, collaborative, and innovative. Collaborate with the DTC business teams to identify key performance indicators (KPIs) and metrics that align with Ralph Lauren's strategic objectives.
    - Encourage Data Confidence: Partner with business stakeholders and IT partners to ensure thorough and timely response to reporting questions, concerns and suggestions. Ensure data quality and consistency across various reporting platforms and tools used within Ralph Lauren's DTC business.
    - Create visualizations and tell great stories with data: Communicate insights in a way that invites understanding and compels action across multiple levels of the organization. Identify and execute opportunities for enhancements with our current reporting suite. Utilize analytics and data visualization tools to create impactful dashboards and reports.
    - Drive Analytics initiatives through the development lifecycle and ensure successful embedding of new solutions in the business process. Align analytics initiatives with Ralph Lauren's ‘Next Great Chapter: Accelerate’ strategy to support key business objectives. Partner with business teams to define and document business requirements, break down initiatives into workable increments, complete functional testing, and facilitate timely user acceptance testing. Ensure solutions meet the business definition of ‘done’ and achieve expected level of usage.
    - Educate and train: Be curious and knowledgeable about reporting initiatives and tools and how to leverage them. This includes working with business stakeholders to improve data and reporting business processes.
    - Become a data and analytics evangelist: This role will promote the available data and analytics capabilities and expertise to business unit stakeholders and educate them in leveraging these capabilities in achieving their business goals. Stay informed about industry trends and best practices in retail analytics to continually improve Ralph Lauren's data-driven decision-making capabilities.
    
    **Experience, Skills & Knowledge**
    
    Education and Experience
    
    - Experience in retail, ecommerce or related field with analytical or business intelligence experience preferred
    - Experience working in cross-functional teams and collaborating with business stakeholders in Retail in support of a departmental and/or multi-departmental analytics initiative
    - Retail/Ecommerce Industry knowledge or familiarity with fashion retail metrics or omnichannel retail analytics is a plus
    
    Technical Knowledge/Skills
    
    - Experience working with popular data discovery, analytics and business intelligence (BI) software tools like MicroStrategy, Dataiku, Tableau, and Power BI
    - Experience using tools like Excel, Dataiku, or Alteryx for data preparation and analysis
    - Experience working with JIRA or other issue and project tracking software is a plus
    - Experience with SQL and/or Python a plus
    - Experience with Agile development methodologies is a plus
    
    Interpersonal Skills and Characteristics
    
    - Comfortable working in a global, fast-paced, dynamic environment; able to manage and prioritize multiple projects
    - Ability to balance attention to detail with big-picture thinking to support Ralph Lauren’s strategic objectives
    - Strong written, oral, and presentation skills, with the ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences
    - Highly creative and collaborative; builds relationships with business and technology partners
    - Exercises good judgment, maintains a high standard of ethics, and demonstrates a commitment to doing the right thing
    - Demonstrates strong intellectual curiosity, constantly seeking to understand the "why" behind the “what”
    - Ability to communicate complex business and technical challenges in a simplified manner
    - Eagerly takes on new challenges and is willing to step out of his or her comfort zone to learn and grow
    - Proactively seeks feedback and continuously looks for ways to improve analytical processes and methodologies
    - Strong analytical, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills; able to gather, manipulate, and interpret data at a low level of detail and synthesize into actionable business insights