# Reddit

Position: Data Scientist
Job: Data Scientist
GPT Consult: Yes
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 17, 2024
CV title: Junior Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion, and trust and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics they care most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 82M+ daily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources of information. For more information, visit [redditinc.com](http://redditinc.com/).
    
    **Location: US remote-friendly**
    
    **At Reddit we continue to grow our teams with the best talent and we're completely remote friendly.**
    
    The Data Science Team at Reddit is growing and we are looking for experienced Data Scientists to partner with our cross-functional partners (Product, Engineering, Designer, Marketing, Business Development etc.) to help us build and improve the systems that continuously drive our user and revenue growth.
    
    As a Data Scientist on the team, you will have the opportunity to drive the success of Reddit’s core products by helping define the product strategy through identifying business opportunities and user pain points. You will also drive measurement and metrics design for a product area, along with experimentation and causal analyses to support product/engineering decisions and investments.
    
    A successful candidate will have a solid technical background, strong business acumen, and excellent cross-functional stakeholder management skills. You will go through a general Data Scientists hiring process and get matched to the product area that best fits your background and interest.
    
    **Responsibilities:**
    
    - Be actively involved in all phases of product development, including but not limited to, ideation, exploratory analysis, opportunity sizing, metrics design, offline modeling, experimentation and decision-making, post-launch monitoring/measurements etc.
    - Leverage data to understand Reddit, its users, and potential product investments through experiment design and analysis, data deep dives, causal inference, and improving data accessibility for stakeholders (e.g. by creating ETLs, reporting dashboards and data aggregations needed for business tracking).
    - Serve as a thought-partner for product managers, engineering managers and leadership from your respective product domain, communicating and shaping the roadmap and strategy for Reddit by identifying actionable and impactful insights through deep-dive analyses and analytics insights.
    
    **Required Qualifications:**
    
    - Relevant experiences in quantitative or data science roles, preferably for a consumer-facing service/app, ads monetization, safety etc.
    - Ph.D., M.S. or Bachelors degree in Statistics, Machine Learning, Economics, Computer Science, or other quantitative fields (If M.S. or Bachelors degree, a minimum of 3+ years of industry data science experience required; If PhD degree, a minimum of 1+ years of industry data science experience required)
    - Familiar with statistical analysis, programming languages (e.g., R / Python) and querying relational databases (e.g., SQL)
    - Deep understanding of online experimentation and causal inference
    - Comfortable in innovative and fast-paced environments, and an innate ability to bias toward action
    - Strong technical communication and demonstrated ability to discuss complex topics with technical and non-technical audiences alike
    - Able to tackle ambiguous and undefined problems
    
    **Benefits:**
    
    - Comprehensive Healthcare Benefits
    - 401k Matching
    - Workspace benefits for your home office
    - Personal & Professional development funds
    - Family Planning Support
    - Flexible Vacation (please use them!) & Reddit Global Wellness Days
    - 4+ months paid Parental Leave
    - Paid Volunteer time off
    
    **Pay Transparency:**
    
    This job posting may span more than one career level.
    
    In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the form of restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also be eligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range of benefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation, and parental leave. To learn more, please visit [https://www.redditinc.com/careers/](https://www.redditinc.com/careers/).
    
    To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked against similar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevant licenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.
    
    **The base pay range for this position is:**
    
    $164,200 - $229,900 USD