# SimilarWeb

Position: Data Scientist
Job: Data Scientist
GPT Consult: No
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 16, 2024
CV title: Junior Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    At Similarweb, we are revolutionizing the way businesses interact with the digital world by revealing to them everything that happens online.
    
    Our unique data and solutions empower over 4,300 customers globally, including industry giants like Google, eBay, and Adidas, to make game-changing decisions that drive their digital strategies.
    
    In 2021, we went public on the New York Stock Exchange, and we continue to reach new heights! Come work alongside Similarwebbers across the globe who are bright, curious, practical and good people.
    
    We’re looking for a **Data Analyst / Data Scientist** to partner with our consulting team by delivering best-in-class data analysis for research projects for prospective and existing clients, and driving value for clients’ strategic business needs.
    
    This role will report to **the Research Analytics Manager of Data Labs.**
    
    **Why is this role so important at Similarweb?**
    
    Similarweb is more than just a data provider. We develop long-term and collaborative partnerships with our clients, and are constantly striving to help them make better business decisions using our data. One of the ways we do this is through our advisory services. You will work with our team of Advisory Services Consultants and Data Engineering team, to create customized data analyses using Similarweb data.
    
    Your data analysis will support our prospective clients’ and existing clients’ strategic business needs, and help the business increase and retain customers.
    
    **So, what will you be doing all day?**
    
    Your role as part of the **Data Labs Team ****means your daily responsibilities may include:
    
    - Partnering with our in-house consultants and GTM teams to scope out custom data analysis projects for client
    - Building models and utilizing sophisticated technology such as web scraping and AI to enrich datasets to target client pain points
    - Collaborating with Data Engineering to ensure the existence of use-case specific data, and estimating the availability and effort required to produce specific custom reports
    - Preparing and communicating customized data analysis to advisory services consultant, to ensure successful delivery to clients
    
    **This is the perfect job for someone who:**
    
    - Demonstrates advanced proficiency in data analysis (Python, Excel, Tableau, SQL)
    - Can use their analytical skills to drive business impact
    - Has a general understanding of digital marketing trends
    - Has experience in client-facing roles (preferred)
    - Has experience working collectively with other teams and stakeholders to accomplish business goals
    - Is able to apply relevant industry knowledge to solve specific client business needs, and demonstrate value within individual client use cases
    - *At Similarweb, collaborating with our colleagues in-office creates a more connected, unified culture. Our best work is a product of our face-to-face collaboration, with the ability to work partially from home.**
    
    The base salary range for this position in New York City is *$70,400 to $131,00* + benefits including: medical, dental and vision insurance, 401K plan, potential equity, employee stock purchase plan and paid sick and parental leave.
    
    Individual compensation is based upon a number of factors, including qualifications and relevant experience.
    
    The base salary range above is for the New York City metro area, and could vary for candidates in other locations.
    
    **Why you’ll love being a Similarwebber:**
    
    **You’ll actually love the product you work with:** Our customers aren’t our only raving fans. When we asked our employees why they chose to come work at Similarweb, 99% of them said “the product.” Imagine how exciting your job is when you get to work with the most powerful digital intelligence platform in the world.
    
    **You’ll find a home for your big ideas:**  We encourage an open dialogue and empower employees to bring their ideas to the table. You’ll find the resources you need to take initiative and create meaningful change within the organization.
    
    **We offer competitive perks & benefits:** We take your well-being seriously, and offer competitive compensation packages to all employees. We also put a strong emphasis on community, with regular team outings and happy hours.
    
    **You can grow your career in any direction you choose:** Interested in becoming a VP or want to transition into a different department? Whether it’s Career Week, personalized coaching, or our ongoing learning solutions, you’ll find all the tools and opportunities you need to develop your career right here.
    
    **Diversity isn’t just a buzzword:** People want to work in a place where they can be themselves. We strive to create a workplace that is reflective of the communities we serve, where everyone is empowered to bring their full, authentic selves to work. We are committed to inclusivity across race, gender, ethnicity, culture, sexual orientation, age, religion, spirituality, identity and experience. Our culture of equality and mutual respect also helps us better understand and serve our customers in a world that is becoming more global, more diverse, and more digital every day.