# SquareSpace

Position: Product Insights Analyst
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 19, 2024
CV title: Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    Squarespace is looking for it's next Product Insights Analyst who will work closely with Product Managers, integrating data into our product decisions and guide product development with relevant insights based on analysis. You'll create data sets, design analysis, provide rigorous reporting, and make recommendations to our product roadmap. You are focused on impact and have the skill to understand customers and promote growth. You should demonstrate curiosity, data fluency, and a passion for making decisions based on data.
    
    You will report to the Manager, Product Analytics in our New York headquarters.
    
    ## You'll Get To...
    
    - Work with Product, Engineering, and Design teams to understand project goals, determine measurements, monitor performance, and explore our customers
    - Partner with the Product team to become an expert in a specific product area
    - Understand product requirements and build dashboards that answer common questions; enhance existing dashboards to increase impact; improve user experience and adoption; measure the health of the business; and provide visibility of our data to partners
    - Translate broad questions into plans for research and discovery, perform data exploration, and craft narratives from data insights for non-technical team members that caters to clear storytelling and applicable recommendations
    - Create all the technical implementations and documentation associated with the dashboards and work toward 100% accuracy
    - Champion best practice experimentation methodologies and analyze results
    
    ## Who We're Looking For
    
    - BS degree in a quantitative discipline: computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, operations research, engineering, economics, or similar
    - 2+ years of work experience in process execution, business intelligence, dashboarding, reporting, or data analysis
    - 1+ years of experience with Looker, Amplitude, Tableau, or comparable data visualization tools
    - 1+ years of experience manipulating large datasets using SQL
    - Love to get deep into the weeds with data and understand edge-cases and how to best represent them
    - Experience building relationships with teammates, and helping the team to make decisions at a variety of levels
    
    ## Benefits & Perks
    
    - A choice between medical plans with an option for 100% covered premiums
    - Fertility and adoption benefits
    - Access to supplemental insurance plans for additional coverage
    - Headspace mindfulness app subscription
    - Retirement benefits with employer match
    - Flexible paid time off
    - 12 to 20 weeks of paid family leave
    - Equity plan for all employees
    - Pretax commuter benefit
    - Education reimbursement
    - Employee donation match to community organizations
    - 6 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
    - Dog-friendly workplace
    - Free lunch and snacks
    - Private rooftop
    
    ### Cash Compensation Range: $85,500 - $138,000 USD
    
    The base salary for this position will vary based on job-related criteria including relevant skills, experience, and location, among other factors.
    
    In addition to the cash compensation above (which includes base salary and, where applicable for eligible roles, may include on-target commissions or overtime pay), all Squarespace employees are eligible to receive equity in the company as part of their total compensation.
    
    ## About Squarespace
    
    Squarespace is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity and creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold. Our team of more than 1,500 is headquartered in bustling New York City, with offices in Dublin, Ireland, Aveiro, Portugal, and coworking spaces in the UK, Netherlands, and Australia. For more information about our company culture, visit[www.squarespace.com/about/careers](http://www.squarespace.com/about/careers).