# StubHub

Position: User Experience Researcher
Job: UX researcher
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 19, 2024
CV title: Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    StubHub is on a mission to redefine the live event experience on a global scale. Whether someone is looking to attend their first event or their hundredth, we’re here to delight them all the way from the moment they start looking for a ticket until they step through the gate. The same goes for our sellers. From fans selling a single ticket to the promoters of a worldwide stadium tour, we want StubHub to be the safest, most convenient way to offer a ticket to the millions of fans who browse our platform around the world.
    
    The Consumer Experience (CX) team at StubHub is responsible for the end-to-end product experience for fans looking to discover, buy, and sell tickets to their favorite live events through our web and mobile platforms. As the User Experience Researcher for Consumer Experience, you will represent the voice of the user, delivering research insights that foster empathy and inform tactical productand design decisions.
    
    Design is growing at StubHub, and this role will give you an opportunity to directly impact millions of fans who interact with our platform every day. If you’re passionate about creating world-class user experience and want to be part of a team that is reimagining every aspect of live events, we would love to hear from you.
    
    This is a hybrid work opportunity located in New York, NY or Los Angeles, CA. We have a 3-day in-office and 2-day remote schedule.
    
    **What You'll Do**
    
    - Gather and translate teams’ research needs into a strategic research plan with clear goals, key research questions and detailed approach
    - Plan and execute end-to-end evaluative and usability researchprojects with minimal guidance
    - Empower teams with findings that effectively communicate user’s unmet needs and pain-points
    - Collaborate with product teams to integrate research insights into design and product decisions
    - Bring the user to lifeby presenting a clear narrative in both verbal and written formats
    - Contribute to the prioritization of research initiatives
    - Effectively leverage and contribute to existing research toolkits and processes
    
    **What You've Done**
    
    - Gather and translate teams’ research needs into a strategic research plan with clear goals, key research questions and detailed approach
    - Plan and execute end-to-end evaluative and usability researchprojects with minimal guidance
    - Empower teams with findings that effectively communicate user’s unmet needs and pain-points
    - Collaborate with product teams to integrate research insights into design and product decisions
    - Bring the user to lifeby presenting a clear narrative in both verbal and written formats
    - Contribute to the prioritization of research initiatives
    - Effectively leverage and contribute to existing research toolkits and processes
    
    **Mindset that excels at StubHub**
    
    - A strong desire to learn and grow with the company
    - A team-first mindset that prioritizes the success of the company
    - Resilience and adaptability in response to changes and challenges
    - Proactivity in solving problems and identifying opportunities to improve
    
    **What We Offer**
    
    - **Accelerated Growth Environment:** Immerse yourself in an environment designed for swift skill and knowledge enhancement, where you have the autonomy to lead experiments and tests on a massive scale.
    - **Top Tier Compensation Package:** Enjoy a rewarding compensation package that includes enticing stock incentives, aligning with our commitment to recognizing and valuing your contributions.
    - **Flexible Time Off:** Embrace a healthy work-life balance with unlimited Flex Time Off, providing you the flexibility to manage your schedule and recharge as needed.
    - **Comprehensive Benefits Package:** Prioritize your well-being with a comprehensive benefits package, featuring 401k, and premium Health, Vision, and Dental Insurance options.
    - **Team-Building Events:** Engage in vibrant team events that foster camaraderie and collaboration, creating an atmosphere where your professional and personal growth are celebrated.
    
    The anticipated gross base pay range is below for this role. Actual compensation will vary depending on factors such as a candidate’s qualifications, skills, experience, and competencies. Base annual salary is one component of StubHub’s total compensation and competitive benefits package, which includes equity, 401(k), paid time off, paid parental leave, and comprehensive health benefits.
    
    **Salary Range**
    
    $145,000 - $185,000 USD