# StubHub

Position: Senior Data Analyst
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Rejected
Application Date: October 21, 2024
CV title: Data Science Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    StubHub is on a mission to redefine the live event experience on a global scale. Whether someone is looking to attend their first event or their hundredth, we’re here to delight them all the way from the moment they start looking for a ticket until they step through the gate. The same goes for our sellers. From fans selling a single ticket to the promoters of a worldwide stadium tour, we want StubHub to be the safest, most convenient way to offer a ticket to the millions of fans who browse our platform around the world.
    
    StubHub is hiring for a Senior Data Analyst to join our Catalog Team. The Catalog Team forms the backbone of the StubHub consumer experience allowing customers to discover, browse and purchase the best seats for any event globally. Catalogs are incredibly rich and complex, and it is this team's mission to ensure that we have complete, accurate, up-to-date, and optimized catalogs.  In this role, you will work closely with cross functional team members and report to the Senior Product Manager of Catalog.
    
    **This is a hybrid work opportunity located in New York, NY. 3-day in-office and 2-day remote schedule.**
    
    **What You've Done**
    
    - 3+ years working in quantitative or analytical role; sales operations, operations, project management, management consulting or finance a plus
    - Expert in SQL and Microsoft Excel, and experience with A/B testing or experimental design
    - Self-motivation and autonomy, the ability to independently identify and implement high-value analyses and projects
    - High attention to detail including precise and effective communications
    - Organized, strong interpersonal management, time management and communication skills
    
    **What You'll Do**
    
    - Lead initiatives to craft, pilot, scale, and optimize programs to increase global supplier acquisition
    - Design, build, and optimize dashboards, SQL queries and interfaces to provide internal customers with usable, reliable, and accessible data
    - Conduct research on competitors, potential product offerings, vendors, and clients
    
    **What We Offer**
    
    - **Accelerated Growth Environment:** Immerse yourself in an environment designed for swift skill and knowledge enhancement, where you have the autonomy to lead experiments and tests on a massive scale.
    - **Top Tier Compensation Package:** Enjoy a rewarding compensation package that includes enticing stock incentives, aligning with our commitment to recognizing and valuing your contributions.
    - **Flexible Time Off:** Embrace a healthy work-life balance with unlimited Flex Time Off, providing you the flexibility to manage your schedule and recharge as needed.
    - **Comprehensive Benefits Package:** Prioritize your well-being with a comprehensive benefits package, featuring 401k, and premium Health, Vision, and Dental Insurance options.
    - **Team-Building Events:** Engage in vibrant team events that foster camaraderie and collaboration, creating an atmosphere where your professional and personal growth are celebrated.
    
    The anticipated gross base pay range is below for this role. Actual compensation will vary depending on factors such as a candidate’s qualifications, skills, experience, and competencies. Base annual salary is one component of StubHub’s total compensation and competitive benefits package, which includes equity, 401(k), paid time off, paid parental leave, and comprehensive health benefits.
    
    **Salary Range**
    
    $135,000 - $155,000 USD