# TikTok

Position: Data Scientist, Analytics - Trust & Safety - New York
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: Yes
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 19, 2024
CV title: Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    About Us TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok's global headquarters are in Los Angeles and Singapore, and its offices include New York, London, Dublin, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo. Why Join Us Creation is the core of TikTok's purpose. Our platform is built to help imagination thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make TikTok possible. Together, we inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we all believe in and aim towards achieving every day. To us, every challenge, no matter how difficult, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always. At TikTok, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact for ourselves, our company, and the communities we serve. Join us. Our Trust & Safety team's commitment is to keep our online community safe. We have invested heavily in human and machine-based moderation to remove harmful content quickly and often before it reaches our general community. As a Data Scientist in TikTok's Trust and Safety team, you will be instrumental in ensuring that TikTok remains a safe, trustworthy, and risk-free environment. By implementing your domain knowledge, you will help diagnose, triage, and treat large-scale safety issues. You will scope out projects, use ground-truth data to inform strategies, and use data and insights to form best-in-class heuristics to proactively detect and disarm safety incidents. You will partner with a variety of stakeholders across the product, operations, policy, and engineering teams - both locally and globally. It is possible that this role will be exposed to harmful content as part of the core role/as part of project/ in response to escalation requests/by chance. Some content viewed may violate our community guidelines and can also include (but is not limited to) bullying; hate speech; child safety; depictions of harm to self and others, and harm to animals. Responsibilities: - Work with large and complex data sets to support project execution and strategic planning; - Apply expertise in quantitative analysis to understand user behaviors, provide actionable insights, and measure the success of safety features through experimentation and causal inference; - Influence stakeholders through data-based recommendations and mobilize cross-functional teams by telling compelling stories with data to drive business impact and innovative breakthrough; - Build and enhance models or tooling to strengthen proactive detection of risks and automation of policy enforcement; - Develop metrics and visualization tools to evaluate risks of the platform and the impact of safety strategies.
    
    **Qualifications**
    
    Minimum Qualifications: - 3+ years of experience in data science or quantitative analysis; - Experience with SQL, ETL, R/Python; - Degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering) - Ability to solve problems using quantitative approaches and strong communication skills across technical and non-technical audiences to communicate complex concepts and analytical results to drive business impact. Preferred Qualifications: - Experience of working in Trust and Safety or risk management is a plus. Trust & Safety recognizes that keeping our platform safe for TikTok communities is no ordinary job which can be both rewarding and psychologically demanding and emotionally taxing for some. This is why we are sharing the potential hazards, risks and implications in this unique line of work from the start, so our candidates are well informed before joining. We are committed to the wellbeing of all our employees and promise to provide comprehensive and evidence-based programs, to promote and support physical and mental wellbeing throughout each employee's journey with us. We believe that wellbeing is a relationship and that everyone has a part to play, so we work in collaboration and consultation with our employees and across our functions in order to ensure a truly person-centred, innovative and integrated approach. TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too. TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at https://shorturl.at/cdpT2 #LI-Hybrid
    
    **Job Information**
    
    【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (annually)
    
    The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $176355 - $329333 annually.​
    
    Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.​