# Uniqlo

Position: HR Compensation and Data Analyst
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: No
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 22, 2024
CV title: Data Science Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job description
    
    ## About the job
    
    **Company Overview:**
    
    Apparel that comes from the Japanese values of simplicity, quality and longevity. Designed to be of the time and for the time, LifeWear is made with such modern elegance that it becomes the building blocks of each individual’s style. A perfect shirt that is always being made more perfect. The simplest design hiding the most thoughtful and modern details. The best in fit and fabric made to be affordable and accessible to all. LifeWear is clothing that is constantly being innovated, bringing more warmth, better design, and better comfort to people’s lives.
    
    **Responsibilities:**
    
    - Administer and manage compensation programs, ensuring alignment with company policies and market trends.
    - Conduct salary benchmarking, job evaluations, and provide recommendations to ensure competitive and equitable pay practices.
    - Collaborate with HR and management teams to ensure compensation decisions support overall organizational goals.
    - Ensure compliance with labor laws, compensation regulations, and internal policies related to salary and benefits.
    - Coordinate with HR Operations on salary bands and bi-annual review, market analysis and compensation analysis related to annual review process.
    - Collect, manage, and analyze employee data to support talent management, retention, and workforce planning initiatives.
    - Create reports, dashboards, and visualizations to present insights on employee trends, such as performance, engagement, and turnover.
    - Use data analytics to support decisions on talent acquisition, development, and retention strategies.
    - Evaluate compensation trends to inform decisions on salary adjustments, bonuses, and other incentive programs.
    - Maintain and update records on salary adjustments and pay structures.
    - Provide insights and recommendations for improving compensation and talent strategies based on data analysis.
    - Frequent in-person collaboration
    - Other related duties to be assigned by direct supervisor.
    - Other store Human Resources related duties
    
    **Qualifications:**
    
    - Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Data Analytics, Business Administration, or a related field.
    - Minimum of 2 years of experience in compensation analysis, data analytics, or HR-related roles.
    - Strong proficiency in data analysis tools such as Excel and other HR analytics software.
    - Knowledge of compensation structures, salary benchmarking, and job evaluation methods.
    - Experience with HR systems and data management, with an ability to create actionable insights from employee data.
    - Strong analytical skills and attention to detail
    - Problem-solving and strong communication skills
    - Familiarity with labor laws and compensation regulations.
    
    Salary: $64,000 - $73,000 annually
    
    - Bonus eligible
    - The offered salary or salary range is based on several factors, including, but not limited to, overall experience, relevant experience, education level, certifications, applicable skills and expertise, and location of the position.
    
    As an Equal Opportunity Employer, UNIQLO USA does not discriminate against applicants or employees because of race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability, age, citizenship, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression or because of any other status or condition protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.