# Validate Health

Position: Data Engineer
Job: Other
GPT Consult: No
Stage: No Answer
Application Date: October 21, 2024
CV title: Data Analyst

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    ## About the job
    
    ❤️ Want to make a tangible difference in the future of healthcare?
    
    ❤️ Love applying the latest technologies to solve tough problems?
    
    ❤️ Looking for a fulfilling career with plenty of learning and growth?
    
    You’re in luck! At Validate you get…
    
    Tight knit team. Culture of learning. No bureaucracy. Room to experiment. Accelerated growth in responsibilities. Fantastic work experience. Frequent feedback.
    
    We are a small team of data scientists, actuaries, developers and healthcare policy analysts who love what we do and wouldn’t trade it for the world. Join us!
    
    **COMPANY** 🤩
    
    Validate Health provides financial simulation, economic forecasts and actuarial risk management guidance to healthcare providers, enabling them to thrive in the constantly evolving and complex world of value based care (VBC). Our mission is to enable these providers, known as accountable care organizations (ACOs), to focus on taking care of patients, while we take care of their highest impact strategic decisions.
    
    **JOB DESCRIPTION** 😍
    
    As an Data Engineer you will automate data pipelines and improve infrastructure scalability that make our products possible. You’ll have an excellent opportunity for professional growth in a learning environment that encourages experimentation with new technologies.
    
    - Build complex data transformations and statistical models using Python, SQL, SAS.
    - Ingest, transform, clean and augment internal and external data assets. Automate data pipelines to process. patient-level and aggregated public health data.
    - Leverage an ever evolving range of cloud services, data science libraries and database platforms, such as AWS (EC2, RDS, S3, Lambda, Redshift, Athena, Glue), Databricks/Spark, PostgreSQL, SparkSQL, Python, Pandas, PySpark, Apache Airflow, and DST.
    - Continuously learn by investigating new technologies and mentor other team members.
    
    **REQUIREMENTS** 🤓
    
    BS or MS in Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics or Mathematics
    
    Hands on experience or non-academic projects with the following:
    
    - **SQL:** Writing complex data transformation queries, stored procedures, and optimizing for performance on large scale data
    - **Spark / Databricks:** Writing performant code, parallelizing processing, and automating data pipelines in Databricks or other Spark environments
    - **Python:** Leveraging a broad range of Python data science libraries to build and deploy statistical and machine learning models
    - **AWS:** Implementing solutions using AWS data oriented services: S3, RDS, Redshift, Glue, EMR, Lambda, EC2/EBS (Alternatively, extensive experience with Azure or GCP)
    - **ETL/ELT:** Implementing data processing methodologies used by ETL/ELT tools such as DBT and SSIS
    - **Apache AirFlow** and other job orchestration tools
    - **Linux** shell scripting
    - **GitHub / Git** branch management best practices
    - **Docker** configuration, environment management, CI/CD, automated deployment
    
    **Very important:** You should be willing to go through our hiring process, which has been optimized to get an offer to qualified candidates quickly, while also giving you a feel for the type of work we do and the company culture. The steps in our hiring process: “Getting to Know You questions” form ⇒ Take home “Challenge” coding & math problems (1-4 hours) ⇒ 4 interviews (~2.5 hours) ⇒ Paid micro project (4-8 hours) ⇒ Meet the Team Day (8 hours) ⇒ Offer!
    
    **HIRING PROCESS 😲**
    
    We have a difficult and thorough interview process. It’s been honed over the past 5 years, using metrics gathered at each phase of the process and extensive feedback from candidates. It resulted in many exceptional individuals, your future co-workers, joining our team. Please recognize there’s substantial effort required from the Validate team as well. But we’re dedicated to the long-term goal of hiring top talent in the industry. Those who have gone through the entire process will attest to how gratifying, thorough, and transparent it was compared to other companies. Speaking of transparency, in addition to clearly laying out the process in this ad, candidates get a “Meet the Team Day” with unrestricted access to talk to anyone on the team. The candidate gets a thorough understanding of the company culture fit, the problems they’ll work on, and the impact they’ll have, enabling you to make the right career decision. We are quite proud of the process and the team we’ve built. If you think you have what it takes to join our team, we invite you to apply.
    
    The steps in our hiring process are: “Getting to Know You questions” form (30 mins) ⇒ Take home “Challenge” coding & math problems (1-4 hours) ⇒ 2-3 skills & culture interviews (~2.5 hours) ⇒ Paid micro project (4-8 hours) ⇒ Meet the Team Day (8 hours) ⇒ Offer!
    
    **BENEFITS** 🤑
    
    - Fully remote team with an environment and company culture that's optimized to provide a fulfilling work experience and career growth opportunities to every team member, regardless the location
    - Daily whiteboard sessions
    - Weekly "deep thought" days
    - Opportunity for continuous personal growth and development through research projects and agile experimentation mindset towards product development
    - Quarterly personal educational goals and budget
    - Quarterly individual performance bonus (~10% at start, ~20% after 4 years)
    - Quarterly company offsite retreats and virtual town halls
    - Quarterly anonymous leadership feedback and evaluations
    - Profit sharing bonus (~5%)
    - Health coverage and 401K
    - Generous Vacation Policy
    
    **TO APPLY** 😇
    
    - Send your resume to careers+LinkedIn@ValidateHealth.com (using subject line: “Data Engineer via LinkedIn”) or via LinkedIn Messenger
    - Tell us what makes you interested in this opportunity (💡 As much as we'd like to review all applications, doing this already sets you apart from most applicants and tells us you're truly interested.) If you have specific compensation requirements, please let us know.
    - Specify when you’re available to start work and visa sponsorship requirements. Please specify your visa requirements. We accept H-1B transfers. We are not able to take on more OPT candidates. (We can only consider U.S.-based candidates.)
    - 🎗️ Our hiring process is designed to enable the best candidates to an offer in under 2 weeks. Talk to you soon!