# WB

Position: Research Analyst
Job: Data Analyst
Link: https://warnerbros.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/global/login
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Applied
Application Date: November 14, 2024
CV title: Higlights

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    ***Welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery… the stuff dreams are made of.***
    
    **Who We Are…**
    
    When we say, “the stuff dreams are made of,” we’re not just referring to the world of wizards, dragons and superheroes, or even to the wonders of Planet Earth. Behind WBD’s vast portfolio of iconic content and beloved brands, are the *storytellers* bringing our characters to life, the*creators* bringing them to your living rooms and the *dreamers* creating what’s next…
    
    From brilliant creatives, to technology trailblazers, across the globe, WBD offers career defining opportunities, thoughtfully curated benefits, and the tools to explore and grow into your best selves. Here you are supported, here you are celebrated, here you can thrive.
    
    Warner Bros. Discovery is looking for a Sales Research Analyst to join the exciting and evolving world of media on the Ad Sales Research Team. The Research Analyst will be responsible for a variety of reporting and ad hoc research requests across a vast array of network and program titles. The analyst will work with the research team to create and update materials that position WBD television and digital properties positively within the Ad Sales marketplace. This position works closely with the Ad Sales, Brand Strategy & Solutions, Integrated Strategy and Strategic Planning departments. The candidate should possess analytical skills along with the ability to learn quickly, prioritize, and meet deadlines, while paying close attention to detail to ensure accurate reporting. They should be able to interpret data into usable formats and provide insights about WBD and its competitors so that clients can use it an effective manner. The candidate should have strong PC skills and be able to work independently as well as in a team atmosphere. The candidate should show a strong enthusiasm to learn and a willingness to collaborate with others across the business.
    
    **Responsibilities:**
    
    - Utilize multiple research tools and syndicated data to support sales negotiations.
    - Identify alignment between WBD audiences and advertiser targets.
    - Create analyses to transform data into valuable/actionable research information.
    - Work with manager to regularly update reports, tending data, one-sheets, and dashboards.
    - Write sales support materials and positioning pieces that highlight success versus competition.
    - Work with research team and manager to create/update brand positioning presentations that position WBD assets positively within the Ad Sales marketplace.
    - Closely monitor WBD and competitive performance; keep abreast of the media landscape and technology usage.
    - Assure that research reporting is consistent, clear, accurate, relevant, insightful and timely.
    
    **Requirements:**
    
    - Bachelor’s degree or higher.
    - Strong MS Office skills, specifically Excel and PowerPoint, with Power BI a plus.
    - Strong written and oral communication skills.
    - Familiarity/experience with the linear/streaming television/digital media ecosystem and media measurement concepts.
    - Familiarity/experience with syndicated research sources including Lake 5, NPOWER, STAR, MRI-Simmons, Comscore Media Metrix/Plan Metrix, Tubular and internal digital tracking solutions (Adobe Marketing Cloud, Google Analytics, Looker) a plus.
    - Interest in news and sports a plus.
    - Experience with statistical analysis a plus.
    
    **How We Get Things Done…**
    
    This last bit is probably the most important! Here at WBD, our guiding principles are the core values by which we operate and are central to how we get things done. You can find them at [www.wbd.com/guiding-principles/](http://www.wbd.com/guiding-principles/)  along with some insights from the team on what they mean and how they show up in their day to day. We hope they resonate with you and look forward to discussing them during your interview.
    
    **Championing Inclusion at WBD**
    
    Warner Bros. Discovery embraces the opportunity to build a workforce that reflects the diversity of our society and the world around us. Being an equal opportunity employer means that we take seriously our responsibility to consider qualified candidates on the basis of merit, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
    
    If you’re a qualified candidate with a disability and you require adjustments or accommodations during the job application and/or recruitment process, please visit our [accessibility page](https://careers.wbd.com/global/en/accessibility) for instructions to submit your request.
    
    In compliance with local law, we are disclosing the compensation, or a range thereof, for roles in locations where legally required. Actual salaries will vary based on several factors, including but not limited to external market data, internal equity, location, skill set, experience, and/or performance. Base pay is just one component of Warner Bros. Discovery’s total compensation package for employees. Pay Range: $44,801.00 - $83,202.00 salary per year. Other rewards may include annual bonuses, short- and long-term incentives, and program-specific awards. In addition, Warner Bros. Discovery provides a variety of benefits to employees, including health insurance coverage, an employee wellness program, life and disability insurance, a retirement savings plan, paid holidays and sick time and vacation.