# YouTube

Position: Product Activation Analyst, YouTube
Job: Data Analyst
GPT Consult: No
Stage: Applied
Application Date: November 8, 2024
CV title: Higlights

# Action items

- [ ]  

# Notes on the company

- 

# Where can I add value?

- 

# What am I excited about? What will I learn?

- 

# Notes on recruiter/hiring manager

- 

- Job Description
    
    ## About the job
    
    Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: **San Bruno, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA**.**Minimum qualifications:**
    
    - Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Math, Quantitative Science, or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
    - 1 year of experience working in data analytics, SQL use, Sheets etc.
    
    **Preferred qualifications:**
    
    - 3 years of experience in management consulting, investment banking, private equity, or similar.
    - Experience presenting complex technical solutions and analysis to senior stakeholders.
    - Ability to work separately on project deliverables in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment while working well in cross-functional teams.
    - Excellent business fundamentals and acumen including knowledge of online video products and business models.
    
    **About The Job**
    
    At YouTube, we believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we listen, share, and build community through our stories. We work together to give everyone the power to share their story, explore what they love, and connect with one another in the process. Working at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and boundless creativity, we move at the speed of culture with a shared goal to show people the world. We explore new ideas, solve real problems, and have fun — and we do it all together.
    
    The US base salary range for this full-time position is $93,000-$136,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.
    
    Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google .
    
    **Responsibilities**
    
    - Conduct complex problem-solving analyses to support critical questions facing the Product Activation team using advanced SQL queries and spreadsheet analysis.
    - Conduct opportunity sizing to prioritize products for YouTube Business activations, working with Product Activation Leads, Finance, Marketing, and other cross-functional stakeholders.
    - Lead development and deployment of centralized insights dashboards for Product Activation related data.
    - Act as a thought leader in defining product activation Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) for the YouTube Business. Present recommendations effectively at multiple levels (including to executive leadership) with storytelling and visual displays.
    - Conduct requirements gathering and project scoping sessions with subject matter experts, business users, and executive stakeholders to discover and define business analysis and reporting needs.
    
    Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .